     * OUR PROJECT
          + BACKGROUND
          + ORGANISATION
          + PILOT PHASE
          + CHALLENGES
               o INVESTIGATION
               o SCIENTIFIC CHALLENGE
          + OUR GOALS
     * OUR PARTNERS
          + INSTITUT PASTEUR
               o COORDINATING GROUP
               o PHEMI
          + OPERATING PARTNERS
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN MADAGASCAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN DAKAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN CAMBODIA
               o IPIN
          + FUNDING PARTNERS
          + SCIENTIFIC EXPERTISE
     * OUR RESPONSIBILITIES & DUTIES
     * NEWS
     * PUBLICATIONS
     *

   PRIVATE ACCES
   Project BIRDY

WHAT IS THE BIRDY PROJECT ?

   Bacterial Infections and antibiotic Resistant Diseases among Young
   children in low-Income countries: an international cohort study (BIRDY)

   Currently, antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients. surveillance networks and epidemiologic
   research focus mainly on industrialized countries. However, developing
   these activities in low-income countriesLow-income countries
   The World Bank is a vital source of financial and technical assistance
   to developing countriesDeveloping country
   This term is generally used to describe a nation with a low level of
   material well-being. Since no single definition of the term developing
   country is recognized internationally, the levels of development may
   vary widely within so-called developing countries. Some developing
   countries have high average standards of living.
   The World Bank classifies all low- and middle-income countries as
   developing but notes, "The use of the term is convenient; it is not
   intended to imply that all economies in the group are experiencing
   similar development or that other economies have reached a preferred or
   final stage of development. Classification by income does not
   necessarily reflect development status". around the world. It is not a
   bank in the common sense. It is made up of two unique development
   institutions owned by 187 member countries: the International Bank for
   Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development
   Association (IDA). Each institution plays a different but collaborative
   role in advancing the vision of inclusive and sustainable
   globalization. The IBRD aims to reduce poverty in middle-income and
   creditworthy poorer countries, while the IDA focuses on the world's
   poorest countries.
   For operational and analytical purposes, the World Bank's main
   criterion for classifying economies is gross national income (GNI) per
   capita. Based on its annual GNI per capita, every economy is classified
   as low-income, middle income (lower and upper middle income) or high
   income., which represent one of the principal environments for
   development and dissemination, is essential to contain the worrying
   spread of resistance.
   The main objective of the BIRDY project is to assess the incidence as
   well as the medical and economic consequences of severe childhood and
   neonatal infections caused by antibiotic resistant bacteria. The
   investigation will include both healthcare associated, as well as
   community acquired infections.
   [bebemaman.png]

   In order to realize this project, an international paediatric cohort
   will be created and monitored within the Institut Pasteur International
   Network (IPIN). This internationally renowned network offers a large
   geographical and international presence, significant field expertise,
   as well as well-established partnerships at the local level.

NEWS

   Jan 2016 : Over 2000 babies are part of the BIRDY program!
   Update on the number of babies in our 3 sites
   Learn more...
   February 2016 : Letter in The Lancet
   A correspondence published February 6th in The Lancet
   Learn more...
   November 14-20, 2016 World Antibiotic Awareness Week
   BIRDY, a project that looks at the antibiotic resistance in young
   children
   Learn more...
   Watch the video about the BIRDY project
   Filmed in Senegal, Madagascar and Cambodia, this film shows how the
   BIRDY program studies bacterial resistant infections in young children.
   Learn more...
   [logopasteur.png]    [logo_riip_en.jpg]    [logo_gouv_princier.png]
   [logo_fondation_total_2015_eng.jpeg] [logo_msd_avenir.jpg]

   famille

   [vague.png]
   CONTACTS
   photos credits: © institut pasteur and institut pasteur international
   network
     * OUR PROJECT
          + BACKGROUND
          + ORGANISATION
          + PILOT PHASE
          + CHALLENGES
               o INVESTIGATION
               o SCIENTIFIC CHALLENGE
          + OUR GOALS
     * OUR PARTNERS
          + INSTITUT PASTEUR
               o COORDINATING GROUP
               o PHEMI
          + OPERATING PARTNERS
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN MADAGASCAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN DAKAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN CAMBODIA
               o IPIN
          + FUNDING PARTNERS
          + SCIENTIFIC EXPERTISE
     * OUR RESPONSIBILITIES & DUTIES
     * NEWS
     * PUBLICATIONS
     *

   PRIVATE ACCES
   Project BIRDY

WHAT IS THE BIRDY PROJECT ?

   Bacterial Infections and antibiotic Resistant Diseases among Young
   children in low-Income countries: an international cohort study (BIRDY)

   Currently, antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients. surveillance networks and epidemiologic
   research focus mainly on industrialized countries. However, developing
   these activities in low-income countriesLow-income countries
   The World Bank is a vital source of financial and technical assistance
   to developing countriesDeveloping country
   This term is generally used to describe a nation with a low level of
   material well-being. Since no single definition of the term developing
   country is recognized internationally, the levels of development may
   vary widely within so-called developing countries. Some developing
   countries have high average standards of living.
   The World Bank classifies all low- and middle-income countries as
   developing but notes, "The use of the term is convenient; it is not
   intended to imply that all economies in the group are experiencing
   similar development or that other economies have reached a preferred or
   final stage of development. Classification by income does not
   necessarily reflect development status". around the world. It is not a
   bank in the common sense. It is made up of two unique development
   institutions owned by 187 member countries: the International Bank for
   Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development
   Association (IDA). Each institution plays a different but collaborative
   role in advancing the vision of inclusive and sustainable
   globalization. The IBRD aims to reduce poverty in middle-income and
   creditworthy poorer countries, while the IDA focuses on the world's
   poorest countries.
   For operational and analytical purposes, the World Bank's main
   criterion for classifying economies is gross national income (GNI) per
   capita. Based on its annual GNI per capita, every economy is classified
   as low-income, middle income (lower and upper middle income) or high
   income., which represent one of the principal environments for
   development and dissemination, is essential to contain the worrying
   spread of resistance.
   The main objective of the BIRDY project is to assess the incidence as
   well as the medical and economic consequences of severe childhood and
   neonatal infections caused by antibiotic resistant bacteria. The
   investigation will include both healthcare associated, as well as
   community acquired infections.
   [bebemaman.png]

   In order to realize this project, an international paediatric cohort
   will be created and monitored within the Institut Pasteur International
   Network (IPIN). This internationally renowned network offers a large
   geographical and international presence, significant field expertise,
   as well as well-established partnerships at the local level.

NEWS

   Jan 2016 : Over 2000 babies are part of the BIRDY program!
   Update on the number of babies in our 3 sites
   Learn more...
   February 2016 : Letter in The Lancet
   A correspondence published February 6th in The Lancet
   Learn more...
   November 14-20, 2016 World Antibiotic Awareness Week
   BIRDY, a project that looks at the antibiotic resistance in young
   children
   Learn more...
   Watch the video about the BIRDY project
   Filmed in Senegal, Madagascar and Cambodia, this film shows how the
   BIRDY program studies bacterial resistant infections in young children.
   Learn more...
   [logopasteur.png]    [logo_riip_en.jpg]    [logo_gouv_princier.png]
   [logo_fondation_total_2015_eng.jpeg] [logo_msd_avenir.jpg]

   famille

   [vague.png]
   CONTACTS
   photos credits: © institut pasteur and institut pasteur international
   network
     * OUR PROJECT
          + BACKGROUND
          + ORGANISATION
          + PILOT PHASE
          + CHALLENGES
               o INVESTIGATION
               o SCIENTIFIC CHALLENGE
          + OUR GOALS
     * OUR PARTNERS
          + INSTITUT PASTEUR
               o COORDINATING GROUP
               o PHEMI
          + OPERATING PARTNERS
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN MADAGASCAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN DAKAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN CAMBODIA
               o IPIN
          + FUNDING PARTNERS
          + SCIENTIFIC EXPERTISE
     * OUR RESPONSIBILITIES & DUTIES
     * NEWS
     * PUBLICATIONS
     *

   PRIVATE ACCES
   Project BIRDY

WHAT IS THE BIRDY PROJECT ?

   Bacterial Infections and antibiotic Resistant Diseases among Young
   children in low-Income countries: an international cohort study (BIRDY)

   Currently, antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients. surveillance networks and epidemiologic
   research focus mainly on industrialized countries. However, developing
   these activities in low-income countriesLow-income countries
   The World Bank is a vital source of financial and technical assistance
   to developing countriesDeveloping country
   This term is generally used to describe a nation with a low level of
   material well-being. Since no single definition of the term developing
   country is recognized internationally, the levels of development may
   vary widely within so-called developing countries. Some developing
   countries have high average standards of living.
   The World Bank classifies all low- and middle-income countries as
   developing but notes, "The use of the term is convenient; it is not
   intended to imply that all economies in the group are experiencing
   similar development or that other economies have reached a preferred or
   final stage of development. Classification by income does not
   necessarily reflect development status". around the world. It is not a
   bank in the common sense. It is made up of two unique development
   institutions owned by 187 member countries: the International Bank for
   Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development
   Association (IDA). Each institution plays a different but collaborative
   role in advancing the vision of inclusive and sustainable
   globalization. The IBRD aims to reduce poverty in middle-income and
   creditworthy poorer countries, while the IDA focuses on the world's
   poorest countries.
   For operational and analytical purposes, the World Bank's main
   criterion for classifying economies is gross national income (GNI) per
   capita. Based on its annual GNI per capita, every economy is classified
   as low-income, middle income (lower and upper middle income) or high
   income., which represent one of the principal environments for
   development and dissemination, is essential to contain the worrying
   spread of resistance.
   The main objective of the BIRDY project is to assess the incidence as
   well as the medical and economic consequences of severe childhood and
   neonatal infections caused by antibiotic resistant bacteria. The
   investigation will include both healthcare associated, as well as
   community acquired infections.
   [bebemaman.png]

   In order to realize this project, an international paediatric cohort
   will be created and monitored within the Institut Pasteur International
   Network (IPIN). This internationally renowned network offers a large
   geographical and international presence, significant field expertise,
   as well as well-established partnerships at the local level.

NEWS

   Jan 2016 : Over 2000 babies are part of the BIRDY program!
   Update on the number of babies in our 3 sites
   Learn more...
   February 2016 : Letter in The Lancet
   A correspondence published February 6th in The Lancet
   Learn more...
   November 14-20, 2016 World Antibiotic Awareness Week
   BIRDY, a project that looks at the antibiotic resistance in young
   children
   Learn more...
   Watch the video about the BIRDY project
   Filmed in Senegal, Madagascar and Cambodia, this film shows how the
   BIRDY program studies bacterial resistant infections in young children.
   Learn more...
   [logopasteur.png]    [logo_riip_en.jpg]    [logo_gouv_princier.png]
   [logo_fondation_total_2015_eng.jpeg] [logo_msd_avenir.jpg]

   famille

   [vague.png]
   CONTACTS
   photos credits: © institut pasteur and institut pasteur international
   network
     * OUR PROJECT
          + BACKGROUND
          + ORGANISATION
          + PILOT PHASE
          + CHALLENGES
               o INVESTIGATION
               o SCIENTIFIC CHALLENGE
          + OUR GOALS
     * OUR PARTNERS
          + INSTITUT PASTEUR
               o COORDINATING GROUP
               o PHEMI
          + OPERATING PARTNERS
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN MADAGASCAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN DAKAR
               o INSTITUT PASTEUR IN CAMBODIA
               o IPIN
          + FUNDING PARTNERS
          + SCIENTIFIC EXPERTISE
     * OUR RESPONSIBILITIES & DUTIES
     * NEWS
     * PUBLICATIONS
     *

   PRIVATE ACCES
   > home | News

NEWS

   November 14-20, 2016 World Antibiotic Awareness Week
   BIRDY, a project that looks at the antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic
   resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients. in young children

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/v0DYjORghyQ

   Discover how the BIRDY project is implemented in different countries:
   Senegal:

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/FdOKgLXS1xY

   BIRDY – Fight against antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients. in Senegal
   Cambodia:

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/LK87Bbc-Odc

   Madagascar:

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/pas02c2HLOA
     __________________________________________________________________

   March, 2016
   The BIRDY Program highlighted on the website of the French Embassy in
   Cambodia!

   [cambodia_embassy_visit.jpg]
   This article describes (in French) the visit of Mrs. Pascale TURQUET
   (Secretary of cooperation) to a BIRDY site in Steung Meanchey, under
   the guidance of the local BIRDY coordination team.
     __________________________________________________________________

   March, 2016

   [awa_pic.jpg]

Discover more about the BIRDY Program in Senegal! Read the interview (in
English or French) of the local coordinator, Dr Awa Ndir talking about the
challenges of running the program.

   [mum_senegal.jpg]

and watch a podcast (soundtrack in French) presenting the Senegalese site and
the health center involved in the program!
     __________________________________________________________________

   February 6th, 2016

The Lancet logo

Researchers from the Birdy study group published a correspondence in The
Lancet calling for increased research and public health efforts in addressing
neonatal bacterial infections and antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic resistance
Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing steadily
worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These infections often
have more severe outcomes than those caused by so called "sensitive"
bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more expensive second-line
treatments as well as a more careful and costly follow-up care for patients.
in low-income countriesLow-income countries
The World Bank is a vital source of financial and technical assistance to
developing countriesDeveloping country
This term is generally used to describe a nation with a low level of material
well-being. Since no single definition of the term developing country is
recognized internationally, the levels of development may vary widely within
so-called developing countries. Some developing countries have high average
standards of living.
The World Bank classifies all low- and middle-income countries as developing
but notes, "The use of the term is convenient; it is not intended to imply
that all economies in the group are experiencing similar development or that
other economies have reached a preferred or final stage of development.
Classification by income does not necessarily reflect development status".
around the world. It is not a bank in the common sense. It is made up of two
unique development institutions owned by 187 member countries: the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the
International Development Association (IDA). Each institution plays a
different but collaborative role in advancing the vision of inclusive and
sustainable globalization. The IBRD aims to reduce poverty in middle-income
and creditworthy poorer countries, while the IDA focuses on the world's
poorest countries.
For operational and analytical purposes, the World Bank's main criterion for
classifying economies is gross national income (GNI) per capita. Based on its
annual GNI per capita, every economy is classified as low-income, middle
income (lower and upper middle income) or high income.. Abstract.
     __________________________________________________________________

   January 26th, 2016
   The recruitment of BIRDY babies has been very active in 2015, here is
   an update on the number of babies in our three sites across the globe
   on 31/12/2015:

   Madagascar

   1788 inclusions since the beginning of the project in 2012! Still 623
   babies being followed up in Antananarivo and 424 in the rural site of
   Moramanga.

   Senegal

   251 babies are currently part of the BIRDY study

   Cambodia

   Already 404 babies have been enrolled in the project!

   233 in Kampong Speu (rural zone) and 171 in Steung Meanchey (urban
   area)

   [news26012015.png]

   Thank you to all the families who trust the program and support its
   development.
     __________________________________________________________________

   January 4th, 2016

   The BIRDY team wishes all babies and families involved in the program,
   as well as all partners across the world, a wonderful and healthy new
   year!

   Renaming the program

   Last year, following the tragic events in Paris against the satirical
   newspaper Charlie Hebdo on January 7^th 2015 and the resulting
   resonance that the name ‘CHARLI’ could have in France and in the
   countries of predominantly Muslim faiths (such as Senegal), it was
   decided to rename the program as BIRDY for "Bacterial Infections and
   Antibiotic Resistance Diseases Among Young Children in Low Income
   Countries". Additionally, to ensure a better appropriation by the
   population, the program has also been given a local name in the
   dominant dialect in each participating countries:


     [mada_fafah.jpg]

   In Madagascar, it became the FAFAH program (FAnarahamaso ny
   FAHasalaman'ny ankizy), which means ‘Monitoring children's health’.

   [sanegal_nafy.jpg]
   ©Bruno Deméocq / Fondation Total

   In Senegal, NAFY for NAtt Febaruu tout tank Yii in Wolof language,
   meaning ‘Assessing the diseases in small children’.



     [cambodia_news01_2016.jpg]

   And in Cambodia, Sokhapiep Koma Laoh, which could be translated by
   ‘Healthy Child’, in Khmer language.

     __________________________________________________________________

   September 2015 Recruitment in the rural area of Senegal

   The region of Fatick (in the district of Sokone; 17 000 inhabitants –
   200 km from Dakar) has been selected as the rural site in Senegal and
   recruitment of babies has started! The local Birdy Team has been
   assembled and trained during the summer to be fully operational for
   this new site.


                              [sokone_map.png]

                        [baby_sokone_news01_2016.jpg]

                                          ©Bruno Deméocq / Fondation Total

     __________________________________________________________________

   June 2015 A new member in the Cambodian Birdy Team

                            [agathe_lozanne.jpg]

       Dr Agathe de Lauzanne joined the coordination team in Cambodia.

      She is a pediatrician and epidemiologist. A warm welcome to her!

     __________________________________________________________________

   March 17th, 2015
   Christian Bréchot, directeur général de l'Institut Pasteur, Cyril
   Schiever, président du conseil d'administration de MSDAVENIR et
   Aurélien Mollard, secrétaire général de l'ANRS, à la Maison de
   l'Amérique latine, le 17 mars 2015.

    Thanks to the support of MSD AVENIR the complete phase of the study in
   Cambodia can be launched in April 2015 in Cambodia! The agreement was
   signed between the Institut Pasteur and the foundation on March 17th
   2015 and will run until the end of 2017.
     __________________________________________________________________

   March 30-31st, 2015

   The BIRDY project will hold the first meeting of its scientific
   advisory board followed by a workshop on antibiotic
   resistanceAntibiotic resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients. in low-income countriesLow-income
   countries
   The World Bank is a vital source of financial and technical assistance
   to developing countriesDeveloping country
   This term is generally used to describe a nation with a low level of
   material well-being. Since no single definition of the term developing
   country is recognized internationally, the levels of development may
   vary widely within so-called developing countries. Some developing
   countries have high average standards of living.
   The World Bank classifies all low- and middle-income countries as
   developing but notes, "The use of the term is convenient; it is not
   intended to imply that all economies in the group are experiencing
   similar development or that other economies have reached a preferred or
   final stage of development. Classification by income does not
   necessarily reflect development status". around the world. It is not a
   bank in the common sense. It is made up of two unique development
   institutions owned by 187 member countries: the International Bank for
   Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development
   Association (IDA). Each institution plays a different but collaborative
   role in advancing the vision of inclusive and sustainable
   globalization. The IBRD aims to reduce poverty in middle-income and
   creditworthy poorer countries, while the IDA focuses on the world's
   poorest countries.
   For operational and analytical purposes, the World Bank's main
   criterion for classifying economies is gross national income (GNI) per
   capita. Based on its annual GNI per capita, every economy is classified
   as low-income, middle income (lower and upper middle income) or high
   income. March 30th and 31st, 2015 at the Institut Pasteur in Paris.
   The workshop will include presentations by scientific advisory board
   members as well as a number of international experts in the field of
   antibiotic resistanceAntibiotic resistance
   Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria are increasing
   steadily worldwide in hospitals as well as in the community. These
   infections often have more severe outcomes than those caused by so
   called "sensitive" bacteria. As a consequence, they also require more
   expensive second-line treatments as well as a more careful and costly
   follow-up care for patients..
     __________________________________________________________________

   November 1st, 2014

   With support from the Monegasque Department of International
   Cooperation, out study site in Madagascar has passed from the initial
   pilot phase to the full project phase including an 18 month follow-up
   of children included in the cohort.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [first_senegal_baby.png]

   October 28th, 2014

   We are happy to announce the first BIRDY baby included in the cohort
   from our study center in Senegal.
     __________________________________________________________________

   September 9th, 2014

   A renewal of the funding for the BIRDY project by the Monegasque
   Department of International Cooperation was signed to support the
   project in Madagascar. This renewal highlights the continued confidence
   in the objectives and progress of the project.
     __________________________________________________________________

   September 1st, 2014
   We are happy to announce the first BIRDY baby included in the cohort
   from our study center in Cambodia.

   [cambodia_1_baby.png]
     __________________________________________________________________

   August 21st, 2014
   Enrollment for the BIRDY project in Cambodia is now open.  Five mothers
   have already been recruited making the BIRDY cohort truly
   international.  The first BIRDY babies are expected as soon as the
   beginning of September.

   [news_20140821.jpg]
     __________________________________________________________________

   April 14th - 25^th, 2014

   Michael Padget carried out a mission at the Institut Pasteur in
   Madagascar.  The purpose of this mission was to ensure data quality and
   data tracking.  The mission was also used to prepare the field for a
   community survey on antibiotic use which will be done as part of his
   PhD work.
     __________________________________________________________________

   April 5th, 2014

   Fanny Chereau presented the results of her study on ESBL carriage among
   BIRDY mothers and during 16th international Congress on Infectious
   Diseases (ICID)

   [icid_logo.gif]
     __________________________________________________________________

   March 1st, 2014

   The BIRDY project is happy to announce the participation of two new
   international sites in Cambodia and Senegal.  The new sites will rely
   on the Institut Pasteur International Network centers in these two
   countries.  Both sites are currently in preparation and expect to begin
   recruitment starting in September, 2014.

   [bat_ipc.jpg]     [bat_ipd.jpg]
     __________________________________________________________________

   [eande.jpg]
   February 10th - 16th, 2014

   Dr. Elisabeth Delarocque-Astagneau, Co-Principal Investigator of the
   BIRDY project and Dr. Elsa Kermorvant , the referent paediatricianDr
   Elsa Kermorvant
   Pediatrician, MD, PhD. EK is neonatologist at Necker Hospital and
   assistant professor at Paris Descartes University. She joined the BIRDY
   program as a research advising pediatrician. for the project, visited
   the Institut Pasteur in Madagascar and held training sessions with
   BIRDY pediatricians in both Antananarivo and Moramanga.  The purpose of
   these training sessions was to reinforce participant knowledge and
   acceptance of biological sample analysis.
     __________________________________________________________________

   January 13th – 26th, 2014

   Fanny Chereau carried out a mission at the Institut Pasteur in
   Madagascar.  The objectives of the mission were to evaluated the
   tracking and quality of biological samples, verify the team
   organization in Moramanga and investigate protocol adherence among
   BIRDY doctors.   She also verified the follow-up of her study on
   antibiotic resistant enterobacteriaceae (ESBL) colonization among BIRDY
   mothers.
     __________________________________________________________________

   October 7th - 18th, 2013

   Michael Padget carried out a mission at the Institut Pasteur in
   Madagascar.  The purpose of this mission was to verify study progress
   and the successful implementation of changes put into place during the
   previous mission.  A specific focus was placed on the organization and
   biological sample tracking in Moramanga.
     __________________________________________________________________

   [fannymada.jpg]

   July 1st – October 18th, 2013
   Fanny Chereau completed her Master’s internship in Madagascar working
   with the BIRDY team.  Her work included completion of a complementary
   study of colonization by antibiotic resistant enterobacteriaceae (ESBL)
   among BIRDY mothers.  This study looked at risk factors for ESBL
   carriage and, based on encouraging results among the first 139 mother
   included, was extended until March 2014.
     __________________________________________________________________


   [weighingbaby.jpg]
   July 1st, 2013

   We are proud to annonce the inclusion of the 400th BIRDY baby!
     __________________________________________________________________

   June 26th, 2013
   The BIRDY project was presented for the first time before an
   international audience by Dr. Elisabeth Delarocque-Astagneau at the
   International Consortium for Prevention & Infection Control in Geneva,
   Switzerland.  Initial reactions to the project were all very positive.
   [icpic2013_banner.gif]
     __________________________________________________________________

   May 26th - June 8th, 2013

   Michael Padget carried out a mission at the Institut Pasteur in
   Madagascar.  The goal of the mission was to verify protocol adherence
   by health care staff working with the study as well as the successful
   implementation of changes made during previous missions including data
   management issues.
     __________________________________________________________________

   March 1st, 2013

   Recruitment for the BIRDY project continues to be strong and we
   recently included our 200th BIRDY baby! We are also proud to announce
   our first group of BIRDY program graduates as infants enrolled in
   September 2012 are now coming to the end of their 6 month follow-up
   period. A high proportion of parents have already asked about
   continuing in the program past 6 months indicating their enthusiasm for
   the BIRDY project.
     __________________________________________________________________

   January 29th - February 8th, 2013
   [news290113.png]

   Dr. Bich-Tram Huynh and Michael Padget carried-out a technical mission
   at the Institut Pasteur in Madagascar to monitor and optimize the
   collection and recording of data. The visit was also the opportunity
   for Michael to meet study staff and familiarize himself with the local
   study activities.
     __________________________________________________________________

   December 10th, 2012
   [news101212.png]

   Marco Ravelonanosy joined the BIRDY project as a field investigator.
   Marco has an educational background in nursing and has worked in both
   reanimation and emergency departments. In addition to his training,
   Marco's experience in rural health centers will make him a valuable
   addition to the study team in Moramanga.
     __________________________________________________________________

   December 3rd - 4th, 2012
   [news031212.png]

   Sophie Robin, from the Monegasque Department of International
   Cooperation, visited the Institut Pasteur in Madagascar as well as the
   BIRDY study site in Moramanga. Ms. Robin was hosted by Dr. Christophe
   Rogier, director of the Institut Pasteur in Madagascar. In Moramanga,
   guided by Dr. Benoit Garin and Dr. Perlinot Henridrainy, Ms. Robin
   visited a health care center (Centre de santé materno-infantile in
   Moramanga) as well as a hospital pediatric department working with the
   study. She also attended a home visit with a field investigator and met
   the entire BIRDY team in Madagascar as well as local health workers
   working with the study. Sophie Robin's visit allowed her to familiarize
   herself with the study's research work and emphasizes the support of
   the principality of Monaco for the BIRDY project.
     __________________________________________________________________

   October 16th - 26th, 2012

   Dr. Bich-Tram Huynh performed a follow-up mission at the Institut
   Pasteur in Madagascar. The aim of her visit was to ensure smooth
   implementation of the BIRDY project and protocol compliance by
   investigators and health workers involved in the study. In
   collaboration with the local team, unanticipated problems as well as
   logistic and human resource issues were identified and resolved.
     __________________________________________________________________

   September 17th, 2012 in Antananarivo and Moramanga (Madagascar)

   The ChARLI Project pilot phase was officially launched in both the
   Antananarivo and Moramanga sites. The first week of recruitment
   resulted in the successful inclusion of several mothers and the first
   official BIRDY baby.
     __________________________________________________________________

   July 2nd, 2012 in Antananarivo (Madagascar)
   [news03.png]

   The six field investigators
   [news04.png]

   The two clinical research physicians

   The Institut Pasteur in Madagascar is happy to welcome the two clinical
   research physicians and the six field investigators recruited for the
   implementation of the BIRDY Pilot Phase study:
     * At the Antananarivo site: Dr Raheliarivao Bodonirina Tanjona,
       Ranaivomanana Toky Mahefasoa, Ranaivomanana Andry Nantenaina,
       Rakotondratefy Miora Fanomezana, Ratasiaribe Nomenjanahary Herald
       Lorria and Voarinirina Tokiravakiniaina.
     * At the Moramanga site: Dr Rakotobe Miora and Volahasina Antsa
       Tanjona.

   Most of them have already collaborated with the epidemiology unit of
   Institut Pasteur in Madagascar within the framework of previous large
   epidemiological studies. Therefore, they are fully operational,
   familiarized with local population, and have a good experience in
   field-based epidemiological studies.

   Dr Perlinot Herindrainy, local epidemiological coordinator at the
   Institut Pasteur in Madagascar, is in charge of supervising their work.
     __________________________________________________________________

   From March 11th to 24th, 2012 in Antananarivo and Moramanga
   (Madagascar)

   Dr Bich-Tram Huynh, field coordinator of the BIRDY project at the
   Institut Pasteur, visited the Institut Pasteur in Madagascar. Her visit
   was dedicated to the field site preparation both in Antananarivo and
   Moramanga, the urban and rural sites selected for the pilot phase study
   implementation. Meetings and discussions with partners at the Institut
   Pasteur in Madagascar and local health workers involved in the project
   were held to properly establish all the necessary logistics, study
   materials, and procedures in each field study site.
     __________________________________________________________________

   January 2nd, 2011 in Paris (France)

   Bich-Tram Huynh (epidemiologist PhD, MD), and Michael Padget,
   (epidemiologist MPH), joined the Coordinating Group of the BIRDY
   project at the Institut Pasteur. Their main duties will be to ensure
   the global field coordination of the project pilot-phase.
     __________________________________________________________________

   From November 29th to December 2nd, 2011 in Antananarivo (Madagascar)
   [news03.png]

   [news01.png]

   Dr Elisabeth Delarocque-Astagneau, Co-Principal Investigator of the
   BIRDY project at the Institut Pasteur, and the referent paediatricianDr
   Elsa Kermorvant
   Pediatrician, MD, PhD. EK is neonatologist at Necker Hospital and
   assistant professor at Paris Descartes University. She joined the BIRDY
   program as a research advising pediatrician. for the project, Dr Elsa
   Kermorvant (Necker Hospital), visited the Institut Pasteur in
   Madagascar. The objective was to progress in finalising the study
   protocol for the pilot-phase and to focus specifically on the health
   care of the participating children. To do so, they met the main
   paediatricians involved in the project in order to clarify the
   diagnostic approach and treatment of child bacterial infections and to
   determine the best local standard of care. They also visited, in
   Antananarivo, the paediatric units in the hospitals involved in the
   BIRDY project.
     __________________________________________________________________

   From July 11th to 13th, 2011 in Antananarivo and Moramanga (Madagascar)
   [couveuse.png]

   Dr Didier Guillemot, Principal Investigator of the BIRDY project,
   visited the Institut Pasteur in Madagascar, in order to meet the future
   local stakeholders and discuss the difficulties to be faced when
   implementing the project. The pilot-phase sites were identified with
   epidemiologists and microbiologists from the Pasteur Institute of
   Madagascar, according to their knowledge, experience, and the available
   demographic data. A rural site 150 km from Antananarivo (within the
   town of Moramanga) and an urban site (within the town of Antananarivo)
   were selected.
     __________________________________________________________________

   December 21st, 2010 in Monaco Principality

   In December 2010, the Principality of Monaco and the Institut Pasteur
   signed a partnership agreement to combat infant antibiotic resistant
   infections in the lower-income countries.

   Links:
   http://www.cooperation-monaco.gouv.mc/315Coop/wwwnew.nsf/
   c3241c4782f528bdc1256d52004f970b/ 1ff305f9d5838194c12578010033732c!
   OpenDocument
   http://www.pasteur.fr/ip/easysite/pasteur/fr/
   presse/communiques-de-presse/2010/partenariat-entre-la-principaute-de-m
   onaco-et-l-institut-pasteur
     __________________________________________________________________

   November 3rd, 2010 in Paris (France)

   All the potential partner organisations interested in working with the
   BIRDY project came to Paris for a one-day working meeting. Participants
   represented mainly African countries, with the participation of various
   regional members of the Institut Pasteur International Network.
   Caribbean and Cambodian organisations were also represented. The
   objective of this meeting were to: (i) meet other project members, (ii)
   introduce the BIRDY project concept and discuss its feasibility, (iii)
   share field experiences and local challenges, (iv) think together about
   the implementation of operational monitoring of a cohort of several
   thousand live births at each partner site and (v) design a preliminary
   global methodological approach for the BIRDY project.

   [vague.png]
   CONTACTS
   photos credits: © institut pasteur and institut pasteur international
   network
