

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W6PV7N

   [icon-close.png]

   This site uses cookies. More info [icon-arrow-down.png] By continuing
   to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out
   more here.
   [logo-bmj-journals.png]
     * ____________________ Search
       Advanced search
     * Search

   [logo-bmjopen.png]
     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Authors
     * About

     * [icon-search.png]
     * [icon-hamburger-menu.png]

   Email alerts

Intro Pullout Text Widget

   BMJ Open is an online, open access journal, dedicated to publishing
   medical research from all disciplines and therapeutic areas.

   The journal publishes all research study types, from protocols through
   phase I trials to meta-analyses, including small, specialist studies,
   and negative studies. Publishing procedures are built around fully open
   peer review and continuous publication, publishing research online as
   soon as the article is ready.

   BMJ Open aims to promote transparency in the publication process by
   publishing reviewer reports and previous versions of manuscripts as
   pre-publication histories. Authors are asked to pay article-publishing
   charges on acceptance; the ability to pay does not influence editorial
   decisions.

   All papers are included in MEDLINE/PubMed and Science Citation Index
   Expanded (Web of Science).
   Current Issue

   Impact Factor
          2.376

   [bmjopen-default-cover.png]

Authors

   BMJ Open accepts submissions on a range of article types, including
   original research, cohort profiles and protocols.

   The Author Information section provides specific article requirements
   to help you turn your research into an article suitable for BMJ Open.

   Information is also provided on editorial policies and open access.
   Author information
   Submit a paper

Latest Articles

Epidemiology:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   1 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

The NoHoW protocol: a multicentre 2×2 factorial randomised controlled trial
investigating an evidence-based digital toolkit for weight loss maintenance
in European adults

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Using population-wide administrative and laboratory data to estimate type-
and subtype-specific influenza vaccine effectiveness: a surveillance protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Rehabilitation medicine:

Pragmatic cluster randomised double-blind pilot and feasibility trial of an
active behavioural physiotherapy intervention for acute non-specific neck
pain: a mixed-methods protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Research methods:

Proposals on Kaplan–Meier plots in medical research and a survey of
stakeholder views: KMunicate

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Most Read Articles

Paediatrics:

Effects of screentime on the health and well-being of children and
adolescents: a systematic review of reviews

   3 January, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Missing female patients: an observational analysis of sex ratio among
outpatients in a referral tertiary care public hospital in India

   7 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Smoking and tobacco:

Effects of short-term smoking on lung function and airway
hyper-responsiveness in young patients with untreated intermittent
adult-onset asthma: retrospective cross-sectional study at a primary–tertiary
care hospital in Japan

   4 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Correction:

Correction:Relationship between gay app use and HIV testing among men who
have sex with men in Shenzhen, China: a serial cross-sectional study

   5 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

HIV/AIDS:

“You can smell the freedom”: a qualitative study on perceptions and
experiences of sex among Swedish men who have sex with men in Berlin

   14 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Twitter Feed

   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   “Sometimes researchers have forgotten that real people are living what
   they are studying – that what we do can have lasting consequences on
   the lives of others” New blog post from @veeranieri @kathymmckay and
   Eilis Kennedy https://t.co/jnKokqcrj0
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis
   View on Twitter
   1
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Estimation of cost-based prices for injectable medicines in the WHO
   Essential Medicines List https://t.co/99G9ouTXam
   View on Twitter
   2
   3
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New guest blog post: @veeranieri @kathymmckay and Eilis Kennedy
   consider the vital role that participatory methods play in their latest
   research exploring the well-being of people living with
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis https://t.co/kdh4L2DAfQ
   View on Twitter
   0
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Benefits and harms of lower blood pressure treatment targets:
   systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled
   trials https://t.co/V9eZemUdRq
   View on Twitter
   3
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New research from Dandjinou et al published in BMJ Open investigating
   the use of antidepressants during pregnancy and the risk of gestational
   diabetes mellitus https://t.co/l7t9MaFezf
   View on Twitter
   1
   0
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Time from diagnosis to treatment of colorectal cancer in a South
   Australian clinical registry cohort: how it varies and relates to
   survival https://t.co/UYjWBelGwm
   View on Twitter
   0
   0

Press Released Articles

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   01 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

PUBLIC HEALTH:

What arguments and from whom are most influential in shaping public health
policy: thematic content analysis of responses to a public consultation on
the regulation of television food advertising to children in the UK

   23 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

MEDICAL EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Is an obesity simulation suit in an undergraduate medical communication class
a valuable teaching tool? A cross-sectional proof of concept study

   05 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

INFECTIOUS DISEASES:

Incidence of Lyme disease in the UK: a population-based cohort study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

The demographics and geographic distribution of laboratory-confirmed Lyme
disease cases in England and Wales (2013–2016): an ecological study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Blog Posts

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Altmetrics

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Related Journals

   BMJ Open Respiratory Research

BMJ Open Respiratory Research

   Visit this journal
   BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

   Visit this journal
   RMD Open

RMD Open

   Visit this journal

Jobs

   View all jobs
   View all jobs

Content

     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Browse by topic
     * Most read articles
     * Responses

     * [icon-footer-rss.png]
     * [icon-footer-twitter.png]
     * [icon-footer-facebook.png]
     * [icon-footer-blog.png]
     * [icon-footer-google-plus.png]
     * [icon-footer-youtube.png]

Journal

     * About
     * Editorial board
     * Sign up for email alerts

Authors

     * Instructions for authors
     * Submit an article
     * Editorial policies
     * Open access at BMJ
     * Instructions for reviewers
     * BMJ Author Hub

Help

     * Contact us
     * Reprints
     * Permissions
     * Advertising
     * Feedback form

   [logo-bmj-footer.png]
     * Website Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy & Cookies
     * Contact BMJ

   Online ISSN: 2044-6055

   Copyright © 2019 BMJ Publishing Group Ltd. All rights reserved.

   京ICP备15042040号-3


   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W6PV7N

   [icon-close.png]

   This site uses cookies. More info [icon-arrow-down.png] By continuing
   to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out
   more here.
   [logo-bmj-journals.png]
     * ____________________ Search
       Advanced search
     * Search

   [logo-bmjopen.png]
     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Authors
     * About

     * [icon-search.png]
     * [icon-hamburger-menu.png]

   Email alerts

Intro Pullout Text Widget

   BMJ Open is an online, open access journal, dedicated to publishing
   medical research from all disciplines and therapeutic areas.

   The journal publishes all research study types, from protocols through
   phase I trials to meta-analyses, including small, specialist studies,
   and negative studies. Publishing procedures are built around fully open
   peer review and continuous publication, publishing research online as
   soon as the article is ready.

   BMJ Open aims to promote transparency in the publication process by
   publishing reviewer reports and previous versions of manuscripts as
   pre-publication histories. Authors are asked to pay article-publishing
   charges on acceptance; the ability to pay does not influence editorial
   decisions.

   All papers are included in MEDLINE/PubMed and Science Citation Index
   Expanded (Web of Science).
   Current Issue

   Impact Factor
          2.376

   [bmjopen-default-cover.png]

Authors

   BMJ Open accepts submissions on a range of article types, including
   original research, cohort profiles and protocols.

   The Author Information section provides specific article requirements
   to help you turn your research into an article suitable for BMJ Open.

   Information is also provided on editorial policies and open access.
   Author information
   Submit a paper

Latest Articles

Epidemiology:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   1 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

The NoHoW protocol: a multicentre 2×2 factorial randomised controlled trial
investigating an evidence-based digital toolkit for weight loss maintenance
in European adults

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Using population-wide administrative and laboratory data to estimate type-
and subtype-specific influenza vaccine effectiveness: a surveillance protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Rehabilitation medicine:

Pragmatic cluster randomised double-blind pilot and feasibility trial of an
active behavioural physiotherapy intervention for acute non-specific neck
pain: a mixed-methods protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Research methods:

Proposals on Kaplan–Meier plots in medical research and a survey of
stakeholder views: KMunicate

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Most Read Articles

Paediatrics:

Effects of screentime on the health and well-being of children and
adolescents: a systematic review of reviews

   3 January, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Missing female patients: an observational analysis of sex ratio among
outpatients in a referral tertiary care public hospital in India

   7 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Smoking and tobacco:

Effects of short-term smoking on lung function and airway
hyper-responsiveness in young patients with untreated intermittent
adult-onset asthma: retrospective cross-sectional study at a primary–tertiary
care hospital in Japan

   4 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Correction:

Correction:Relationship between gay app use and HIV testing among men who
have sex with men in Shenzhen, China: a serial cross-sectional study

   5 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

HIV/AIDS:

“You can smell the freedom”: a qualitative study on perceptions and
experiences of sex among Swedish men who have sex with men in Berlin

   14 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Twitter Feed

   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   “Sometimes researchers have forgotten that real people are living what
   they are studying – that what we do can have lasting consequences on
   the lives of others” New blog post from @veeranieri @kathymmckay and
   Eilis Kennedy https://t.co/jnKokqcrj0
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis
   View on Twitter
   1
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Estimation of cost-based prices for injectable medicines in the WHO
   Essential Medicines List https://t.co/99G9ouTXam
   View on Twitter
   2
   3
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New guest blog post: @veeranieri @kathymmckay and Eilis Kennedy
   consider the vital role that participatory methods play in their latest
   research exploring the well-being of people living with
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis https://t.co/kdh4L2DAfQ
   View on Twitter
   0
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Benefits and harms of lower blood pressure treatment targets:
   systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled
   trials https://t.co/V9eZemUdRq
   View on Twitter
   3
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New research from Dandjinou et al published in BMJ Open investigating
   the use of antidepressants during pregnancy and the risk of gestational
   diabetes mellitus https://t.co/l7t9MaFezf
   View on Twitter
   1
   0
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Time from diagnosis to treatment of colorectal cancer in a South
   Australian clinical registry cohort: how it varies and relates to
   survival https://t.co/UYjWBelGwm
   View on Twitter
   0
   0

Press Released Articles

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   01 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

PUBLIC HEALTH:

What arguments and from whom are most influential in shaping public health
policy: thematic content analysis of responses to a public consultation on
the regulation of television food advertising to children in the UK

   23 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

MEDICAL EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Is an obesity simulation suit in an undergraduate medical communication class
a valuable teaching tool? A cross-sectional proof of concept study

   05 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

INFECTIOUS DISEASES:

Incidence of Lyme disease in the UK: a population-based cohort study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

The demographics and geographic distribution of laboratory-confirmed Lyme
disease cases in England and Wales (2013–2016): an ecological study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Blog Posts

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Altmetrics

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Related Journals

   BMJ Open Respiratory Research

BMJ Open Respiratory Research

   Visit this journal
   BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

   Visit this journal
   RMD Open

RMD Open

   Visit this journal

Jobs

   View all jobs
   View all jobs

Content

     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Browse by topic
     * Most read articles
     * Responses

     * [icon-footer-rss.png]
     * [icon-footer-twitter.png]
     * [icon-footer-facebook.png]
     * [icon-footer-blog.png]
     * [icon-footer-google-plus.png]
     * [icon-footer-youtube.png]

Journal

     * About
     * Editorial board
     * Sign up for email alerts

Authors

     * Instructions for authors
     * Submit an article
     * Editorial policies
     * Open access at BMJ
     * Instructions for reviewers
     * BMJ Author Hub

Help

     * Contact us
     * Reprints
     * Permissions
     * Advertising
     * Feedback form

   [logo-bmj-footer.png]
     * Website Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy & Cookies
     * Contact BMJ

   Online ISSN: 2044-6055

   Copyright © 2019 BMJ Publishing Group Ltd. All rights reserved.

   京ICP备15042040号-3




   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W6PV7N

   [icon-close.png]

   This site uses cookies. More info [icon-arrow-down.png] By continuing
   to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out
   more here.
   [logo-bmj-journals.png]
     * ____________________ Search
       Advanced search
     * Search

   [logo-bmjopen.png]
     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Authors
     * About

     * [icon-search.png]
     * [icon-hamburger-menu.png]

   Email alerts

Intro Pullout Text Widget

   BMJ Open is an online, open access journal, dedicated to publishing
   medical research from all disciplines and therapeutic areas.

   The journal publishes all research study types, from protocols through
   phase I trials to meta-analyses, including small, specialist studies,
   and negative studies. Publishing procedures are built around fully open
   peer review and continuous publication, publishing research online as
   soon as the article is ready.

   BMJ Open aims to promote transparency in the publication process by
   publishing reviewer reports and previous versions of manuscripts as
   pre-publication histories. Authors are asked to pay article-publishing
   charges on acceptance; the ability to pay does not influence editorial
   decisions.

   All papers are included in MEDLINE/PubMed and Science Citation Index
   Expanded (Web of Science).
   Current Issue

   Impact Factor
          2.376

   [bmjopen-default-cover.png]

Authors

   BMJ Open accepts submissions on a range of article types, including
   original research, cohort profiles and protocols.

   The Author Information section provides specific article requirements
   to help you turn your research into an article suitable for BMJ Open.

   Information is also provided on editorial policies and open access.
   Author information
   Submit a paper

Latest Articles

Epidemiology:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   1 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

The NoHoW protocol: a multicentre 2×2 factorial randomised controlled trial
investigating an evidence-based digital toolkit for weight loss maintenance
in European adults

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Using population-wide administrative and laboratory data to estimate type-
and subtype-specific influenza vaccine effectiveness: a surveillance protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Rehabilitation medicine:

Pragmatic cluster randomised double-blind pilot and feasibility trial of an
active behavioural physiotherapy intervention for acute non-specific neck
pain: a mixed-methods protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Research methods:

Proposals on Kaplan–Meier plots in medical research and a survey of
stakeholder views: KMunicate

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Most Read Articles

Paediatrics:

Effects of screentime on the health and well-being of children and
adolescents: a systematic review of reviews

   3 January, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Missing female patients: an observational analysis of sex ratio among
outpatients in a referral tertiary care public hospital in India

   7 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Smoking and tobacco:

Effects of short-term smoking on lung function and airway
hyper-responsiveness in young patients with untreated intermittent
adult-onset asthma: retrospective cross-sectional study at a primary–tertiary
care hospital in Japan

   4 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Correction:

Correction:Relationship between gay app use and HIV testing among men who
have sex with men in Shenzhen, China: a serial cross-sectional study

   5 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

HIV/AIDS:

“You can smell the freedom”: a qualitative study on perceptions and
experiences of sex among Swedish men who have sex with men in Berlin

   14 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Twitter Feed

   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   “Sometimes researchers have forgotten that real people are living what
   they are studying – that what we do can have lasting consequences on
   the lives of others” New blog post from @veeranieri @kathymmckay and
   Eilis Kennedy https://t.co/jnKokqcrj0
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis
   View on Twitter
   1
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Estimation of cost-based prices for injectable medicines in the WHO
   Essential Medicines List https://t.co/99G9ouTXam
   View on Twitter
   2
   3
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New guest blog post: @veeranieri @kathymmckay and Eilis Kennedy
   consider the vital role that participatory methods play in their latest
   research exploring the well-being of people living with
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis https://t.co/kdh4L2DAfQ
   View on Twitter
   0
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Benefits and harms of lower blood pressure treatment targets:
   systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled
   trials https://t.co/V9eZemUdRq
   View on Twitter
   3
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New research from Dandjinou et al published in BMJ Open investigating
   the use of antidepressants during pregnancy and the risk of gestational
   diabetes mellitus https://t.co/l7t9MaFezf
   View on Twitter
   1
   0
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Time from diagnosis to treatment of colorectal cancer in a South
   Australian clinical registry cohort: how it varies and relates to
   survival https://t.co/UYjWBelGwm
   View on Twitter
   0
   0

Press Released Articles

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   01 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

PUBLIC HEALTH:

What arguments and from whom are most influential in shaping public health
policy: thematic content analysis of responses to a public consultation on
the regulation of television food advertising to children in the UK

   23 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

MEDICAL EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Is an obesity simulation suit in an undergraduate medical communication class
a valuable teaching tool? A cross-sectional proof of concept study

   05 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

INFECTIOUS DISEASES:

Incidence of Lyme disease in the UK: a population-based cohort study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

The demographics and geographic distribution of laboratory-confirmed Lyme
disease cases in England and Wales (2013–2016): an ecological study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Blog Posts

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Altmetrics

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Related Journals

   BMJ Open Respiratory Research

BMJ Open Respiratory Research

   Visit this journal
   BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

   Visit this journal
   RMD Open

RMD Open

   Visit this journal

Jobs

   View all jobs
   View all jobs

Content

     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Browse by topic
     * Most read articles
     * Responses

     * [icon-footer-rss.png]
     * [icon-footer-twitter.png]
     * [icon-footer-facebook.png]
     * [icon-footer-blog.png]
     * [icon-footer-google-plus.png]
     * [icon-footer-youtube.png]

Journal

     * About
     * Editorial board
     * Sign up for email alerts

Authors

     * Instructions for authors
     * Submit an article
     * Editorial policies
     * Open access at BMJ
     * Instructions for reviewers
     * BMJ Author Hub

Help

     * Contact us
     * Reprints
     * Permissions
     * Advertising
     * Feedback form

   [logo-bmj-footer.png]
     * Website Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy & Cookies
     * Contact BMJ

   Online ISSN: 2044-6055

   Copyright © 2019 BMJ Publishing Group Ltd. All rights reserved.

   京ICP备15042040号-3


   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W6PV7N

   [icon-close.png]

   This site uses cookies. More info [icon-arrow-down.png] By continuing
   to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out
   more here.
   [logo-bmj-journals.png]
     * ____________________ Search
       Advanced search
     * Search

   [logo-bmjopen.png]
     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Authors
     * About

     * [icon-search.png]
     * [icon-hamburger-menu.png]

   Email alerts

Intro Pullout Text Widget

   BMJ Open is an online, open access journal, dedicated to publishing
   medical research from all disciplines and therapeutic areas.

   The journal publishes all research study types, from protocols through
   phase I trials to meta-analyses, including small, specialist studies,
   and negative studies. Publishing procedures are built around fully open
   peer review and continuous publication, publishing research online as
   soon as the article is ready.

   BMJ Open aims to promote transparency in the publication process by
   publishing reviewer reports and previous versions of manuscripts as
   pre-publication histories. Authors are asked to pay article-publishing
   charges on acceptance; the ability to pay does not influence editorial
   decisions.

   All papers are included in MEDLINE/PubMed and Science Citation Index
   Expanded (Web of Science).
   Current Issue

   Impact Factor
          2.376

   [bmjopen-default-cover.png]

Authors

   BMJ Open accepts submissions on a range of article types, including
   original research, cohort profiles and protocols.

   The Author Information section provides specific article requirements
   to help you turn your research into an article suitable for BMJ Open.

   Information is also provided on editorial policies and open access.
   Author information
   Submit a paper

Latest Articles

Epidemiology:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   1 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

The NoHoW protocol: a multicentre 2×2 factorial randomised controlled trial
investigating an evidence-based digital toolkit for weight loss maintenance
in European adults

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Using population-wide administrative and laboratory data to estimate type-
and subtype-specific influenza vaccine effectiveness: a surveillance protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Rehabilitation medicine:

Pragmatic cluster randomised double-blind pilot and feasibility trial of an
active behavioural physiotherapy intervention for acute non-specific neck
pain: a mixed-methods protocol

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Research methods:

Proposals on Kaplan–Meier plots in medical research and a survey of
stakeholder views: KMunicate

   30 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Most Read Articles

Paediatrics:

Effects of screentime on the health and well-being of children and
adolescents: a systematic review of reviews

   3 January, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Missing female patients: an observational analysis of sex ratio among
outpatients in a referral tertiary care public hospital in India

   7 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Smoking and tobacco:

Effects of short-term smoking on lung function and airway
hyper-responsiveness in young patients with untreated intermittent
adult-onset asthma: retrospective cross-sectional study at a primary–tertiary
care hospital in Japan

   4 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Correction:

Correction:Relationship between gay app use and HIV testing among men who
have sex with men in Shenzhen, China: a serial cross-sectional study

   5 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

HIV/AIDS:

“You can smell the freedom”: a qualitative study on perceptions and
experiences of sex among Swedish men who have sex with men in Berlin

   14 June, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Twitter Feed

   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   “Sometimes researchers have forgotten that real people are living what
   they are studying – that what we do can have lasting consequences on
   the lives of others” New blog post from @veeranieri @kathymmckay and
   Eilis Kennedy https://t.co/jnKokqcrj0
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis
   View on Twitter
   1
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Estimation of cost-based prices for injectable medicines in the WHO
   Essential Medicines List https://t.co/99G9ouTXam
   View on Twitter
   2
   3
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New guest blog post: @veeranieri @kathymmckay and Eilis Kennedy
   consider the vital role that participatory methods play in their latest
   research exploring the well-being of people living with
   #PrimarySclerosingCholangitis https://t.co/kdh4L2DAfQ
   View on Twitter
   0
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Benefits and harms of lower blood pressure treatment targets:
   systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled
   trials https://t.co/V9eZemUdRq
   View on Twitter
   3
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   New research from Dandjinou et al published in BMJ Open investigating
   the use of antidepressants during pregnancy and the risk of gestational
   diabetes mellitus https://t.co/l7t9MaFezf
   View on Twitter
   1
   0
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Time from diagnosis to treatment of colorectal cancer in a South
   Australian clinical registry cohort: how it varies and relates to
   survival https://t.co/UYjWBelGwm
   View on Twitter
   0
   0

Press Released Articles

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   01 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

PUBLIC HEALTH:

What arguments and from whom are most influential in shaping public health
policy: thematic content analysis of responses to a public consultation on
the regulation of television food advertising to children in the UK

   23 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

MEDICAL EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Is an obesity simulation suit in an undergraduate medical communication class
a valuable teaching tool? A cross-sectional proof of concept study

   05 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

INFECTIOUS DISEASES:

Incidence of Lyme disease in the UK: a population-based cohort study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

The demographics and geographic distribution of laboratory-confirmed Lyme
disease cases in England and Wales (2013–2016): an ecological study

   31 July, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Blog Posts

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Altmetrics

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Related Journals

   BMJ Open Respiratory Research

BMJ Open Respiratory Research

   Visit this journal
   BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

   Visit this journal
   RMD Open

RMD Open

   Visit this journal

Jobs

   View all jobs
   View all jobs

Content

     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Browse by topic
     * Most read articles
     * Responses

     * [icon-footer-rss.png]
     * [icon-footer-twitter.png]
     * [icon-footer-facebook.png]
     * [icon-footer-blog.png]
     * [icon-footer-google-plus.png]
     * [icon-footer-youtube.png]

Journal

     * About
     * Editorial board
     * Sign up for email alerts

Authors

     * Instructions for authors
     * Submit an article
     * Editorial policies
     * Open access at BMJ
     * Instructions for reviewers
     * BMJ Author Hub

Help

     * Contact us
     * Reprints
     * Permissions
     * Advertising
     * Feedback form

   [logo-bmj-footer.png]
     * Website Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy & Cookies
     * Contact BMJ

   Online ISSN: 2044-6055

   Copyright © 2019 BMJ Publishing Group Ltd. All rights reserved.

   京ICP备15042040号-3




   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W6PV7N

   [icon-close.png]

   This site uses cookies. More info [icon-arrow-down.png] By continuing
   to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out
   more here.
   [logo-bmj-journals.png]
     * ____________________ Search
       Advanced search
     * Search

   [logo-bmjopen.png]
     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Authors
     * About

     * [icon-search.png]
     * [icon-hamburger-menu.png]

   Email alerts

Intro Pullout Text Widget

   BMJ Open is an online, open access journal, dedicated to publishing
   medical research from all disciplines and therapeutic areas.

   The journal publishes all research study types, from protocols through
   phase I trials to meta-analyses, including small, specialist studies,
   and negative studies. Publishing procedures are built around fully open
   peer review and continuous publication, publishing research online as
   soon as the article is ready.

   BMJ Open aims to promote transparency in the publication process by
   publishing reviewer reports and previous versions of manuscripts as
   pre-publication histories. Authors are asked to pay article-publishing
   charges on acceptance; the ability to pay does not influence editorial
   decisions.

   All papers are included in MEDLINE/PubMed and Science Citation Index
   Expanded (Web of Science).
   Current Issue

   Impact Factor
          2.376

   [bmjopen-default-cover.png]

Authors

   BMJ Open accepts submissions on a range of article types, including
   original research, cohort profiles and protocols.

   The Author Information section provides specific article requirements
   to help you turn your research into an article suitable for BMJ Open.

   Information is also provided on editorial policies and open access.
   Author information
   Submit a paper

Latest Articles

Geriatric medicine:

Continuous glucose monitoring in older people with diabetes and memory
problems: a mixed-methods feasibility study in the UK

   18 November, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Correction:

Correction: A review of the international burn Injury Database (iBID) for
England and Wales: descriptive analysis of burn injuries 2003–2011

   18 November, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Sociology:

Does weight-related stigmatisation and discrimination depend on educational
attainment and level of income? A systematic review

   18 November, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Global health:

Changes in rates of early exclusive breast feeding in South Africa from 2010
to 2013: data from three national surveys before and during implementation of
a change in national breastfeeding policy

   18 November, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Most Read Articles

Rehabilitation medicine:

Do physical therapists follow evidence-based guidelines when managing
musculoskeletal conditions? Systematic review

   7 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Public health:

Assessing the impact of rising child poverty on the unprecedented rise in
infant mortality in England, 2000–2017: time trend analysis

   2 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Paediatrics:

Effects of screentime on the health and well-being of children and
adolescents: a systematic review of reviews

   3 January, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Epidemiology:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   1 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Twitter Feed

   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Harms from other people's drinking: an international survey of their
   occurrence, impacts on feeling safe and legislation relating to their
   control https://t.co/9DgO3uQly0 #AlcoholAwarenessWeek
   View on Twitter
   2
   0
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   We have extended the deadline to apply for the Senior Assistant Editor
   role on BMJ Open. Come join a great team in our London offices!
   https://t.co/sWAdPYfUjP
   View on Twitter
   2
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   Health and economic benefits of reducing sugar intake in the USA,
   including effects via non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a
   microsimulation model https://t.co/ZGBPoV52hX #SugarAwarenessWeek
   View on Twitter
   3
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   How effective are brief interventions in reducing alcohol consumption:
   do the setting, practitioner group and content matter? Findings from a
   systematic review and metaregression analysis https://t.co/hANkuooVHO
   #AlcoholAwarenessWeek
   View on Twitter
   2
   0
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   How much sugar is hidden in drinks marketed to children? A survey of
   fruit juices, juice drinks and smoothies published in BMJ Open in 2016
   https://t.co/4C8hHlnVjz #SugarAwarenessWeek
   View on Twitter
   3
   1
   BMJ_Open
   BMJ_Open @BMJ_Open
   During #SugarAwarenessWeek we highlight important research previously
   published in BMJ Open, including: Ultra-processed foods and added
   sugars in the US diet: evidence from a nationally representative
   cross-sectional study https://t.co/lA1yichdrG
   View on Twitter
   1
   1

Press Released Articles

MENTAL HEALTH:

Incidence of anorexia nervosa in young people in the UK and Ireland: a
national surveillance study

   22 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

PAEDIATRICS:

Social media use and adolescent sleep patterns: cross-sectional findings from
the UK millennium cohort study

   22 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

EPIDEMIOLOGY:

Antidepressant use during pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes
mellitus: a nested case–control study

   01 October, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

PUBLIC HEALTH:

What arguments and from whom are most influential in shaping public health
policy: thematic content analysis of responses to a public consultation on
the regulation of television food advertising to children in the UK

   23 September, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

MEDICAL EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Is an obesity simulation suit in an undergraduate medical communication class
a valuable teaching tool? A cross-sectional proof of concept study

   05 August, 2019 [icon-open-access.png]

Blog Posts

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Altmetrics

   [ajax-loader.gif]

Related Journals

   BMJ Open Respiratory Research

BMJ Open Respiratory Research

   Visit this journal
   BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine

   Visit this journal
   RMD Open

RMD Open

   Visit this journal

Jobs

   View all jobs
   View all jobs

Content

     * Latest content
     * Archive
     * Browse by topic
     * Most read articles
     * Responses

     * [icon-footer-rss.png]
     * [icon-footer-twitter.png]
     * [icon-footer-facebook.png]
     * [icon-footer-blog.png]
     * [icon-footer-google-plus.png]
     * [icon-footer-youtube.png]

Journal

     * About
     * Editorial board
     * Sign up for email alerts

Authors

     * Instructions for authors
     * Submit an article
     * Editorial policies
     * Open access at BMJ
     * Instructions for reviewers
     * BMJ Author Hub

Help

     * Contact us
     * Reprints
     * Permissions
     * Advertising
     * Feedback form

   [logo-bmj-footer.png]
     * Website Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy & Cookies
     * Contact BMJ

   Online ISSN: 2044-6055

   Copyright © 2019 BMJ Publishing Group Ltd. All rights reserved.

   京ICP备15042040号-3
