   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * World Manufacturing Forum
       25 September 2019
     * 3D Print Expo
       04 October 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       17 October 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * Impossible Objects
     * Orange Maker
     * Dr. Rainer Hebert(Pratt & Whitney Additive Manufacturing Innovation
       Center University of Connecticut)

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       22 October 2019
     * 3D Metrology Conference - 4th Edition
       05 November 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       05 November 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * 3Dee NV
     * FIRST MODEL
     * Express Group

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * World Manufacturing Forum
       25 September 2019
     * 3D Print Expo
       04 October 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       17 October 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * Impossible Objects
     * Orange Maker
     * Dr. Rainer Hebert(Pratt & Whitney Additive Manufacturing Innovation
       Center University of Connecticut)

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       22 October 2019
     * 3D Metrology Conference - 4th Edition
       05 November 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       05 November 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * 3Dee NV
     * FIRST MODEL
     * Express Group

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The fiberSYS additive manufacturing scan head. Photo via ScanLAB.

ScanLAB to release fiberSYS additive manufacturing scan head
   Tia Vialva October 23rd 2019 - 11:52am
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am

   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
   Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement

   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   Etihad Engineering facility. Photo via Etihad Engineering.

Etihad opens Abu Dhabi MRO 3D printing facility with EOS and BigRep

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 10:27am

   The E-2 engine. Video via Launcher.

Launcher sets test fire date for rocket engine with largest 3D printed
combustion chamber

   Anas Essop November 15th 2019 - 10:35am

   Map showing the location of Neighbourhood 91. Image via Pittsburgh
   International Airport

Pittsburgh International Airport to begin construction of additive
manufacturing hub in 2020

   Beau Jackson November 01st 2019 - 4:00pm

   A lab of Carbon L1 3D printers. Photo via Carbon

Carbon opens L1 DLS 3D printer to orders, Jabil joins production network

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 9:00am

BASF expands 3D printing industry hold with acquisition of Sculpteo

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 2:26pm

   Insights into the optimal part build orientation in order to minimize
   supports, distortion, effort to remove supports, part material, and
   printing time. Image via Atlas 3D.

Siemens acquires Atlas 3D, optimizes metal additive manufacturing processes

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 10:19am

   The XJet Carmel 1400 NanoParticle Jetting system. Image via XJet

KU Leuven installs XJet Carmel 1400C to explore medical 3D printing

   Anas Essop November 13th 2019 - 3:05pm

   Eric Wooldridge explains to students and Curtis Cash, SCC professor of
   Machine Tool Technology, how the OpenAdditive PANDA System operates.
   Photo via SSC.

SCC recieves grant from NSF to develop Mobile Additive Manufacturing Platform

   Anas Essop November 05th 2019 - 3:14pm

   Wyndham Primary Academy classroom. Photo via Wyndham Primary Academy.

CREATE Education and Rolls-Royce launch UK’s first Primary Education 3D
Printing Hub

   Anas Essop October 29th 2019 - 11:40am

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Biogelx-INKs on a Regemat 3D bioprinting system. Photo via Biogelx.

Biogelx and Regemat 3D partner to provide complete 3D bioprinting solutions

   Tia Vialva November 12th 2019 - 6:54pm

   Formlabs Form 3B printer in lab. Photo via Formlabs.

Formlabs launches Form 3B 3D printer and Formlabs Dental business unit

   Michael Petch November 12th 2019 - 2:00pm

   BellaSeno 3D printed bioresorbable Senella breast scaffold. Photo via
   BellaSeno

BellaSeno 3D printed breast implants to commence clinical trials with Evonik
materials

   Beau Jackson November 12th 2019 - 11:38am

   Amey's robotic 3D printing rail refurbishment concepts. Image via ABB

Amey assesses robot 3D printers for in-situ repair of UK rail network

   Beau Jackson October 30th 2019 - 12:00pm

   The WAAM process. Photo via AML3D.

Lloyd’s Register launches design competition to develop a full-scale 3D
printed rescue boat

   Tia Vialva September 27th 2019 - 5:34pm

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The fiberSYS additive manufacturing scan head. Photo via ScanLAB.

ScanLAB to release fiberSYS additive manufacturing scan head
   Tia Vialva October 23rd 2019 - 11:52am
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am

   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
   Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement

   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   Etihad Engineering facility. Photo via Etihad Engineering.

Etihad opens Abu Dhabi MRO 3D printing facility with EOS and BigRep

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 10:27am

   The E-2 engine. Video via Launcher.

Launcher sets test fire date for rocket engine with largest 3D printed
combustion chamber

   Anas Essop November 15th 2019 - 10:35am

   Map showing the location of Neighbourhood 91. Image via Pittsburgh
   International Airport

Pittsburgh International Airport to begin construction of additive
manufacturing hub in 2020

   Beau Jackson November 01st 2019 - 4:00pm

   A lab of Carbon L1 3D printers. Photo via Carbon

Carbon opens L1 DLS 3D printer to orders, Jabil joins production network

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 9:00am

BASF expands 3D printing industry hold with acquisition of Sculpteo

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 2:26pm

   Insights into the optimal part build orientation in order to minimize
   supports, distortion, effort to remove supports, part material, and
   printing time. Image via Atlas 3D.

Siemens acquires Atlas 3D, optimizes metal additive manufacturing processes

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 10:19am

   The XJet Carmel 1400 NanoParticle Jetting system. Image via XJet

KU Leuven installs XJet Carmel 1400C to explore medical 3D printing

   Anas Essop November 13th 2019 - 3:05pm

   Eric Wooldridge explains to students and Curtis Cash, SCC professor of
   Machine Tool Technology, how the OpenAdditive PANDA System operates.
   Photo via SSC.

SCC recieves grant from NSF to develop Mobile Additive Manufacturing Platform

   Anas Essop November 05th 2019 - 3:14pm

   Wyndham Primary Academy classroom. Photo via Wyndham Primary Academy.

CREATE Education and Rolls-Royce launch UK’s first Primary Education 3D
Printing Hub

   Anas Essop October 29th 2019 - 11:40am

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Biogelx-INKs on a Regemat 3D bioprinting system. Photo via Biogelx.

Biogelx and Regemat 3D partner to provide complete 3D bioprinting solutions

   Tia Vialva November 12th 2019 - 6:54pm

   Formlabs Form 3B printer in lab. Photo via Formlabs.

Formlabs launches Form 3B 3D printer and Formlabs Dental business unit

   Michael Petch November 12th 2019 - 2:00pm

   BellaSeno 3D printed bioresorbable Senella breast scaffold. Photo via
   BellaSeno

BellaSeno 3D printed breast implants to commence clinical trials with Evonik
materials

   Beau Jackson November 12th 2019 - 11:38am

   Amey's robotic 3D printing rail refurbishment concepts. Image via ABB

Amey assesses robot 3D printers for in-situ repair of UK rail network

   Beau Jackson October 30th 2019 - 12:00pm

   The WAAM process. Photo via AML3D.

Lloyd’s Register launches design competition to develop a full-scale 3D
printed rescue boat

   Tia Vialva September 27th 2019 - 5:34pm

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   3D Printers

Formnext 2019: The 3D Printing Industry first look

   Michael Petch November 19th 2019 - 10:59am

   Materials

Preview: DyeMansion launches new post-processing solution Powerfuse S
technical specifications

   Michael Petch November 18th 2019 - 11:00am

   Insights

        Formnext preview with Aleksander Ciszek, CEO 3YOURMIND

   Michael Petch November 18th 2019 - 10:00am

   Materials

        Q&A with Spectroplast CTO: formnext 2019 start-up challenge winner

   Michael Petch November 15th 2019 - 10:58am

   Business

        Stratasys Q3 2019 financial results send stock price falling

   Michael Petch November 13th 2019 - 6:37pm

   Business

        HP announces new business model, network expansion and alliances for
        formnext 2019 – what does it mean for the 3D printing industry?

   Michael Petch November 13th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Materials

        Q&A with Glassomer CSO: formnext 2019 start-up challenge winner

   Michael Petch November 13th 2019 - 10:00am

   Materials

Continuous fiber 3D printing: current market review by Fedor Antonov, CEO
Anisoprint

   Fedor Antonov November 18th 2019 - 11:56am

   Legal and Regulatory

Where are the machine connectivity standards for additive manufacturing?

   Anas Essop November 12th 2019 - 11:54am

   Insights

The hype and rise of 3D printing and Avi Reichental

   Michael Petch November 12th 2019 - 11:53am

3D Software

   A factory floor powered by Streamics 8. Photo via Materialise.

Materialise drives serial additive manufacturing with Magic 24 and new Build
Processors

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 4:48pm

   Belgian software and 3D printing service provider Materialise has
   introduced new features to Materialise Magics 24, as well as
   next-generation Build P…

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 4:48pm

   0 0
     * The EOS Application Dashboard on Link3D's MES software. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D expands EOS partnership, enters collaboration with Autodesk
   Tia Vialva November 15th 2019 - 1:54pm

     A 3D model with smart support in VoxelDance Additive. Image via
   VoxelDance.

   3D Software

VoxelDance Additive, a powerful data preparation software for 3D printing

   3D Printing Industry November 15th 2019 - 11:10am

3D Printers

   The ARGO 350 3D printer. Photo via ROBOZE.

ROBOZE debuts ARGO 350 3D printer, partners with Solvay

   Tia Vialva November 19th 2019 - 11:52am

   Italian 3D printer manufacturer ROBOZE is showcasing its latest
   industrial additive manufacturing system, the ARGO 350, at Formnext
   2019 this week. Th…

   Tia Vialva November 19th 2019 - 11:52am 0 0
     * Formnext 2019 is in hall 11 and 12. Photo by Michael Petch.
   3D Printers

Formnext 2019: The 3D Printing Industry first look
   Michael Petch November 19th 2019 - 10:59am

     Printhead on the L320 system. Photo via German RepRap

   3D Printers

German RepRap introduces FFF/FDM and Liquid Additive Manufacturing 3D
printers at Formnext

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 11:54am

3D Materials

   Henkel and Rapid Shape collaborate for novel 3D printing solutions with
   focus on the mass production of functional parts. Photo via Henkel.

Henkel and Rapid Shape partner to develop novel 3D printing applications

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 11:56am

   German 3D printer manufacturer Rapid Shape has announced it has
   expanded its partnership with global chemical company Henkel. The
   partners aim to develop Henkel’s material expertise for Rapid Shapes’ …

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * Continuous fiber reinforced parts anisoprinted on Anisoprint
       Composer 3D printer. Photo via Anisoprint
   Materials

Continuous fiber 3D printing: current market review by Fedor Antonov, CEO
Anisoprint
   Fedor Antonov November 18th 2019 - 11:56am

     The DyeMansion Powerfuse S post-processing system. Image via
   DyeMansion.

   Materials

Preview: DyeMansion launches new post-processing solution Powerfuse S
technical specifications

   Michael Petch November 18th 2019 - 11:00am

     Selection of parts 3D printed in the new fire-resistant photopolymer
   from Henkel and Origin. Photo via Henkel

   Materials

Henkel and Origin ‘set new threshold’ in fire-resistant DLP 3D printing

   Beau Jackson November 15th 2019 - 11:55am

     Flexible 3D printed silicones. Photo via Spectroplast

   Materials

Q&A with Spectroplast CTO: formnext 2019 start-up challenge winner

   Michael Petch November 15th 2019 - 10:58am

     High capacity water atomization process at GKN's Buzau plant in
   Romania. Photo via GKN.

   Materials

GKN Additive to locally produce and distribute metal 3D printing powders in
Europe

   Anas Essop November 13th 2019 - 5:57pm

     * [ams2020_300x95_alt.jpg]

     * [CB_Flow_Generation_formnext_300x250.jpg]

     * [Formnext2019_square_banner_300x250px.jpg]

     *

       IFRAME: CPbanner33201205

     *

   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 103K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Etihad opens Abu Dhabi MRO 3D printing facility with EOS and BigRep

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 10:27am

   Aerospace

Launcher sets test fire date for rocket engine with largest 3D printed
combustion chamber

   Anas Essop November 15th 2019 - 10:35am

   Research

Chinese researchers develop all-aqueous 3D bioprinting method for
regenerative medicine

   Tia Vialva November 06th 2019 - 11:55am

   Aerospace

Pittsburgh International Airport to begin construction of additive
manufacturing hub in 2020

   Beau Jackson November 01st 2019 - 4:00pm

   Aerospace

Made In Space and Braskem launch 3D printing recycling facility aboard the
ISS

   Anas Essop October 30th 2019 - 11:59am

Most Recent

   Henkel and Rapid Shape collaborate for novel 3D printing solutions with
   focus on the mass production of functional parts. Photo via Henkel.

   Materials

Henkel and Rapid Shape partner to develop novel 3D printing applications

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 11:56am

   German 3D printer manufacturer Rapid Shape has announced it has
   expanded its partnership with global chemical company Henkel. The
   partners aim to develop Henkel’s material expertise for Rapid Shapes’ …

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

   The ARGO 350 3D printer. Photo via ROBOZE.

   3D Printers

ROBOZE debuts ARGO 350 3D printer, partners with Solvay

   Tia Vialva November 19th 2019 - 11:52am

   Italian 3D printer manufacturer ROBOZE is showcasing its latest
   industrial additive manufacturing system, the ARGO 350, at Formnext
   2019 this week. The company is also displaying its materials portfol…

   Tia Vialva November 19th 2019 - 11:52am 0 0

   Formnext 2019 is in hall 11 and 12. Photo by Michael Petch.

   3D Printers

Formnext 2019: The 3D Printing Industry first look

   Michael Petch November 19th 2019 - 10:59am

   Formnext 2019 is now open. Spanning 4 floors of 2 halls at the
   Frankfurt Messe, more than 800 exhibitors are at the largest additive
   manufacturing show ever.  The 3D Printing Industry team is in Frank…

   Michael Petch November 19th 2019 - 10:59am 0 0

   A lab of Carbon L1 3D printers. Photo via Carbon

   Business

Carbon opens L1 DLS 3D printer to orders, Jabil joins production network

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 9:00am

   With Formnext 2019 underway, Silicon Valley-based Digital Light
   Synthesis (DLS) 3D printer manufacturer Carbon has made two major
   announcements at the leading conference for additive manufacturing. Th…

   Anas Essop November 19th 2019 - 9:00am 0 0

   A factory floor powered by Streamics 8. Photo via Materialise.

   3D Software

Materialise drives serial additive manufacturing with Magic 24 and new Build
Processors

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 4:48pm

   Belgian software and 3D printing service provider Materialise has
   introduced new features to Materialise Magics 24, as well as
   next-generation Build Processors designed to drive serial additive
   manufa…

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 4:48pm 0 0

   Formnext 2018 Rave til AM

   Event

Preview: New materials, 3D printers and releases from Formnext 2019

   Beau Jackson November 18th 2019 - 4:37pm

   This week from 19th to the 22nd November 2019, the 3D printing industry
   will congregate at the annual Formnext exhibition. Formnext 2019 will
   welcome over 850 exhibitors sprawling across two, two stor…

   Beau Jackson November 18th 2019 - 4:37pm 0 0

   Business

BASF expands 3D printing industry hold with acquisition of Sculpteo

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 2:26pm

   BASF, the largest chemical producer in the world, has acquired
   Paris-headquartered 3D printing service bureau Sculpteo.  A formal
   agreement regarding the acquisition was signed on November 14 2019, be…

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 2:26pm 0 0

   Continuous fiber reinforced parts anisoprinted on Anisoprint Composer
   3D printer. Photo via Anisoprint

   Materials

Continuous fiber 3D printing: current market review by Fedor Antonov, CEO
Anisoprint

   Fedor Antonov November 18th 2019 - 11:56am

   Continuous fiber 3D printing has become a popular choice for business
   seeking to produce high-strength, functional parts on demand. With this
   popularity, the competition within continuous fiber 3D pri…

   Fedor Antonov November 18th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Printhead on the L320 system. Photo via German RepRap

   3D Printers

German RepRap introduces FFF/FDM and Liquid Additive Manufacturing 3D
printers at Formnext

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 11:54am

   3D printer manufacturer German RepRap will introduce its new FFF/FDM
   and Liquid Additive Manufacturing (LAM) systems at Formnext 2019 this
   week.  The latest in the company’s X series, the x500pr…

   Tia Vialva November 18th 2019 - 11:54am 0 0

   The EP-M250 Pro 3D printer. Photo via Shining 3D.

   3D Printers

Shining 3D to launch EP-M250 Pro SLM 3D printer at Formnext 2019

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 11:31am

   Shining 3D, a Hangzhou-headquartered 3D printer manufacturer, will be
   launching a new metal system at Formnext 2019 this week, known as the
   EP-M250 Pro.  Based on metal powder bed fusion technology, t…

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 11:31am 0 0

   The DyeMansion Powerfuse S post-processing system. Image via
   DyeMansion.

   Materials

Preview: DyeMansion launches new post-processing solution Powerfuse S
technical specifications

   Michael Petch November 18th 2019 - 11:00am

   Munich based 3D printing post-processing specialists, DyeMansion will
   launch a new system at formnext this week. While the full details are
   not yet available until tomorrow’s official launch, 3D Print…

   Michael Petch November 18th 2019 - 11:00am 0 0

   Etihad Engineering facility. Photo via Etihad Engineering.

   Aerospace

Etihad opens Abu Dhabi MRO 3D printing facility with EOS and BigRep

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 10:27am

   Etihad Engineering, a division of the Etihad Aviation Group dedicated
   to Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) services, has opened an
   additive manufacturing facility in Abu Dhabi, in collaboration w…

   Anas Essop November 18th 2019 - 10:27am 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,198 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * Formnext 2019
       19 November 2019
     * MSTAM 2019 - Materials Science and Technology of Additive
       Manufacturing
       10 December 2019
     * TCT Japan
       29 January 2020

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 103K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * Custom 3D Solutions
     * Metrix Create:Space
     * AB Universal

   [models3-1.jpg]
     *

     *

   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 103K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
