   Skip to content
   ProCon.org - Pros & Cons of Current Issues. Reliable. Nonpartisan.
   Empowering
   (BUTTON)
     * More Issues
     * About Us
     * FAQs
     * Teachers’ Corner
     * Join – Become a Member

   Video Games

Do Violent Video Games Contribute to Youth Violence?

   Last updated on: 7/9/2018 | Author: ProCon.org

   As many as 97% of US kids age 12-17 play video games, contributing to
   the $21.53 billion domestic video game industry. More than half of the
   50 top-selling video games contain violence.

   Violent video games have been blamed for school shootings, increases in
   bullying, and violence towards women. Critics argue that these games
   desensitize players to violence, reward players for simulating
   violence, and teach children that violence is an acceptable way to
   resolve conflicts.

   Video game advocates contend that a majority of the research on the
   topic is deeply flawed and that no causal relationship has been found
   between video games and social violence. They argue that violent video
   games may provide a safe outlet for aggressive and angry feelings and
   may reduce crime. Read more background…

Pro & Con Arguments

Pro 1

Playing violent video games causes more aggression, bullying, and fighting.

     [60][61][80] 60% of middle school boys and 40% of middle school
     girls who played at least one Mature-rated (M-rated) game hit or
     beat up someone, compared with 39% of boys and 14% of girls who did
     not play M-rated games. [2] A 2014 peer-reviewed study in the
     Journal of the American Medical Association found that habitual
     violent video game playing had a causal link with increased,
     long-term, aggressive behavior. Several peer-reviewed studies have
     shown that children who play M-rated games are more likely to bully
     and cyberbully their peers, get into physical fights, be hostile,
     argue with teachers, and show aggression towards their peers
     throughout the school year. [73][76][2][67][31] Read More

Pro 2

There is broad consensus among medical associations, pediatricians, parents,
and researchers that violent video games increase aggressive behavior.

     [74] A 2014 study published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture
     found that 90% of pediatricians and 67% of parents agreed or
     strongly agreed that violent video games can increase aggressive
     behavior among children. [75]. More than 98% of pediatricians in the
     United States say that too much exposure to violent media heightens
     childhood aggression. [62] In addition, 66% of researchers agreed or
     strongly agreed. Since only 17% of researchers disagreed or strongly
     disagreed, and 17% were undecided, the study concluded "That means
     that among researchers who have an opinion, eight out of 10 agree
     that violent games increase aggression." [75] A joint statement by
     six leading national medical associations, including the American
     Medical Association and American Psychological Association, stated:
     "Well over 1,000 studies - including reports from the Surgeon
     General's office, the National Institute of Mental Health, and
     numerous studies conducted by leading figures within our medical and
     public health organizations - our own members - point overwhelmingly
     to a causal connection between media violence and aggressive
     behavior in some children." [33] Read More

Pro 3

Simulating violence such as shooting guns and hand-to-hand combat in video
games can cause real-life violent behavior.

     Video games often require players to simulate violent actions, such
     as stabbing, shooting, or dismembering someone with an ax, sword,
     chainsaw, or other weapons. Game controllers are so sophisticated
     and the games are so realistic that simulating the violent acts
     enhances the learning of those violent behaviors. [23] A 2015
     peer-reviewed study found "compelling evidence that the use of
     realistic controllers can have a significant effect on the level of
     cognitive aggression." [118] Two teenagers in Tennessee who shot at
     passing cars and killed one driver told police they got the idea
     from playing Grand Theft Auto III. [49] Bruce Bartholow, professor
     of psychology at the University of Missouri, spoke about the effects
     of simulating violence: "More than any other media, these [violent]
     video games encourage active participation in violence. From a
     psychological perspective, video games are excellent teaching tools
     because they reward players for engaging in certain types of
     behavior. Unfortunately, in many popular video games, the behavior
     is violence." [53] Read More

Pro 4

Many perpetrators of mass shootings played violent video games.

     The teenage shooters in the 1999 Columbine High School massacre of
     13 students played violent combat games. [43] Many mass shootings
     have been carried out by avid video game players: James Holmes in
     the Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooting (2012); Jared Lee
     Loughner in the Arizona shooting that injured Rep. Gabby Giffords
     and killed six others (2011); and Anders Breivik, who killed 77
     people in Norway (2011) and admitted to using the game Modern
     Warfare 2 for training. [53] An FBI school shooter threat assessment
     stated that a student who makes threats of violence should be
     considered more credible if he or she also spends "inordinate
     amounts of time playing video games with violent themes." [25] Read
     More

Pro 5

Violent video games desensitize players to real-life violence.

     Desensitization to violence was defined in a Journal of Experimental
     Social Psychology peer-reviewed study as "a reduction in
     emotion-related physiological reactivity to real violence." The
     study found that just 20 minutes of playing a violent video game
     "can cause people to become less physiologically aroused by real
     violence" People desensitized to violence are more likely to commit
     a violent act. [51][112][111] By age 18, American children will have
     seen 16,000 murders and 200,000 acts of violence depicted in violent
     video games, movies, and television. [110] A Sep. 2011 peer-reviewed
     study found a causal link between violent video game exposure and an
     increase in aggression as a result of a reduction in the brain's
     response to depictions of real-life violence. [52] Studies have
     found reduced emotional and physiological responses to violence in
     both the long and short term. [55][58] In a 2005 peer-reviewed
     study, violent video game exposure was linked to reduced P300
     amplitudes in the brain, which is associated with desensitization to
     violence and increases in aggressive behavior. [24] Read More

Pro 6

By inhabiting violent characters in video games, children are more likely to
imitate the behaviors of those characters and have difficulty distinguishing
reality from fantasy.

     Violent video games require active participation and identification
     with violent characters, which reinforces violent behavior. [59]
     Young children are more likely to confuse fantasy violence with real
     world violence, and without a framework for ethical decision making,
     they may mimic the actions they see in violent video games.[4] Child
     Development and Early Childhood Education expert Jane Katch, MST,
     stated in an interview with Education Week, "I found that young
     children often have difficulty separating fantasy from reality when
     they are playing and can temporarily believe they are the character
     they are pretending to be." US Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer
     wrote in his dissent in Brown v. ESA that "the closer a child's
     behavior comes, not to watching, but to acting out horrific
     violence, the greater the potential psychological harm." [124] Read
     More

Pro 7

Exposure to violent video games is linked to lower empathy and decreased
kindness.

     Empathy, the ability to understand and enter into another's feelings
     is believed to inhibit aggressive behavior. In a study of 150 fourth
     and fifth graders by Jeanne Funk, PhD, Distinguished University
     Professor of Psychology at the University of Toledo, violent video
     games were the only type of media associated with lower empathy.
     [32] A study published in the American Psychological Association's
     Psychological Bulletin found that exposure to violent video games
     led to a lack of empathy and prosocial behavior (positive actions
     that benefit others). [66][65] Eight independent tests measuring the
     impact of violent video games on prosocial behavior found a
     significant negative effect, leading to the conclusion that
     "exposure to violent video games is negatively correlated with
     helping in the real world." [61] Several studies have found that
     children with high exposure to violent media display lower moral
     reasoning skills than their peers without that exposure. [32][69] A
     meta-analysis of 130 international studies with over 130,000
     participants concluded that violent video games "increase aggressive
     thoughts, angry feelings, and aggressive behaviors, and decrease
     empathic feelings and prosocial behaviors." [123] Read More

Pro 8

Video games that portray violence against women lead to more harmful
attitudes and sexually violent actions towards women.

     A 2012 peer-reviewed study published in the Journal of Interpersonal
     Violence found that video games that sexually objectify women and
     feature violence against women led to a statistically significant
     increase in rape-supportive attitudes, which are attitudes that are
     hostile towards rape victims. [68] A 1998 peer-reviewed study found
     that 21% of games sampled involved violence against women, while 28%
     portrayed them as sex objects. [23] Exposure to sexual violence in
     video games is linked to increases in violence towards women and
     false attitudes about rape, such as that women incite men to rape or
     that women secretly desire rape. [30] Carole Lieberman, MD, a media
     psychiatrist, stated, "The more video games a person plays that have
     violent sexual content, the more likely one is to become
     desensitized to violent sexual acts and commit them." [64] In Dec.
     2014, Target Australia stopped selling Grand Theft Auto V in
     response to customer complaints about the game's depiction of women,
     which includes the option to kill a prostitute to get your money
     back. [70] Read More

Pro 9

The American Psychological Association (APA) lists violent video games as a
risk factor for aggressive behavior.

     In its Aug. 2015 resolution on violent video games, the APA wrote:
     "WHEREAS many factors are known to be risk factors for increased
     aggressive behavior, aggressive cognition and aggressive affect, and
     reduced prosocial behavior, empathy and moral engagement, and
     violent video game use is one such risk factor." [119] Dr. Craig
     Anderson, PhD, Director of the Center for the Study of Violence at
     Iowa State University, wrote: "Playing a violent video game isn't
     going to take a healthy kid who has few other risk factors and turn
     him into a school shooter, but it is a risk factor that does drive
     the odds for aggression up significantly." [120] Read More

Pro 10

Violent video games reinforce fighting as a means of dealing with conflict by
rewarding the use of violent action with increased life force, more weapons,
moving on to higher levels, and more.

     [59] Studies suggest that when violence is rewarded in video games,
     players exhibit increased aggressive behavior compared to players of
     video games where violence is punished.[23] The reward structure is
     one distinguishing factor between violent video games and other
     violent media such as movies and television shows, which do not
     reward viewers nor allow them to actively participate in violence.
     [59] An analysis of 81 video games rated for teens ages 13 and up
     found that 73 games (90%) rewarded injuring other characters, and 56
     games (69%) rewarded killing. [71] People who played a video game
     that rewarded violence showed higher levels of aggressive behavior
     and aggressive cognition as compared with people who played a
     version of the same game that was competitive but either did not
     contain violence or punished violence. [72] Read More

Pro 11

The US military uses violent video games to train soldiers to kill.

     The US Marine Corps licensed Doom II in 1996 to create Marine Doom
     in order to train soldiers. In 2002, the US Army released
     first-person shooter game America's Army to recruit soldiers and
     prepare recruits for the battlefield. [6] While the military may
     benefit from training soldiers to kill using video games, kids who
     are exposed to these games lack the discipline and structure of the
     armed forces and may become more susceptible to being violent. [79]
     Dave Grossman, retired lieutenant colonel in the United States Army
     and former West Point psychology professor, stated: "[T]hrough
     interactive point-and-shoot video games, modern nations are
     indiscriminately introducing to their children the same weapons
     technology that major armies and law enforcement agencies around the
     world use to 'turn off' the midbrain 'safety catch'" that prevents
     most people from killing. [77] Read More

Con 1

Sales of violent video games have significantly increased while violent
juvenile crime rates have significantly decreased.

     Total US sales of video game hardware and software increased 204%
     from 1994 to 2014, reaching $13.1 billion in 2014, while violent
     crimes decreased 37% and murders by juveniles acting alone fell 76%
     in that same period. [133][134][135][136][82][83] The juvenile
     Violent Crime Index arrest rate in 2012 was 38% below 1980 levels
     and 63% below 1994, the peak year. [83] The number of high school
     students who had been in at least one physical fight decreased from
     43% in 1991 to 25% in 2013, and student reports of criminal
     victimization at school dropped by more than half from 1995 to 2011.
     [107][106] An Aug. 2014 peer-reviewed study found that: "Annual
     trends in video game sales for the past 33 years were unrelated to
     violent crime... Monthly sales of video games were related to
     concurrent decreases in aggravated assaults." [84] Read More

Con 2

Studies claiming a causal link between video game violence and real life
violence are flawed.

     [34] Many studies failed to control for factors that contribute to
     children becoming violent, such as family history and mental health,
     plus most studies do not follow children over long periods of time.
     [95][10] Video game experiments often have people playing a game for
     as little as ten minutes, which is not representative of how games
     are played in real life. In many laboratory studies, especially
     those involving children, researchers must use artificial measures
     of violence and aggression that do not translate to real-world
     violence and aggression, such as whether someone would force another
     person eat hot sauce or listen to unpleasant noises. [84][94]
     According to Christopher J. Ferguson, PhD, a psychology professor at
     Stetson University, "matching video game conditions more carefully
     in experimental studies with how they are played in real life makes
     VVG's [violent video games] effects on aggression essentially
     vanish." [95][96] Read More

Con 3

The US Supreme Court ruled that violent video games do not cause youth to act
aggressively.

     In Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association (2011) the US
     Supreme Court ruled 7-2 that California could not ban the sale of
     violent video games to minors. Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in the
     majority opinion that studies purporting to show a connection
     between violent video games and harmful effects on children "have
     been rejected by every court to consider them, and with good reason:
     They do not prove that violent video games cause minors to act
     aggressively." [81] Read More

Con 4

Playing violent video games does not cause kids to commit mass shootings.

     Over 150 million Americans (and 71% of teens) play video games.
     There have been 71 mass shootings between 1982 and Aug. 2015, seven
     of which (9.8%) involved shooters age 18 or younger. [87][91][92]
     Katherine Newman, PhD, Dean of Arts and Sciences at Johns Hopkins
     University, wrote: "Millions of young people play video games full
     of fistfights, blazing guns, and body slams... Yet only a minuscule
     fraction of the consumers become violent." [86] A report by the US
     Secret Service and US Department of Education examined 37 incidents
     of targeted school violence between 1974 and 2000. Of the 41
     attackers studied, 27% had an interest in violent movies, 24% in
     violent books, and 37% exhibited interest in their own violent
     writings, while only 12% showed interest in violent video games. The
     report did not find a relationship between playing violent video
     games and school shootings. [35] An Apr. 2015 peer-reviewed study
     published in Psychiatric Quarterly found that playing violent video
     games had no impact on hostility levels in teenagers. [123] Read
     More

Con 5

Violent video games allow players to release their stress and anger
(catharsis) in the game, leading to less real world aggression.

     A peer-reviewed study published in the Journal of Adolescent Health
     found that children, especially boys, play video games as a means of
     managing their emotions: "61.9% of boys played to 'help me relax,'
     47.8% because 'it helps me forget my problems,' and 45.4% because
     'it helps me get my anger out." [37] Researchers point to the
     cathartic effect of video games as a possible reason for why higher
     game sales have been associated with lower crime rates. [84] A
     peer-reviewed study in the Journal of Adolescent Research concluded
     that "Boys use games to experience fantasies of power and fame, to
     explore and master what they perceive as exciting and realistic
     environments (but distinct from real life), to work through angry
     feelings or relieve stress, and as social tools."[36] The games
     serve as a substitute for rough-and-tumble play. [36] Read More

Con 6

Violent video game players know the difference between virtual violence in
the context of a game and appropriate behavior in the real world.

     By age seven, children can distinguish fantasy from reality, and can
     tell the difference between video game violence and real-world
     violence. [99][100] Video game players understand they are playing a
     game. Kids see fantasy violence all the time, from Harry Potter and
     the Minions to Bugs Bunny and Tom and Jerry. Their ability to
     distinguish between fantasy and reality prevents them from emulating
     video game violence in real life. [9] Exposure to fantasy is
     important for kids. Fisher-Price toy company stated: "Pretending is
     more than play: it's a major part of a child's development. Fantasy
     not only develops creative thinking, it's also a way for children to
     deal with situations and problems that concern them." [108] Read
     More

Con 7

Studies have shown that violent video games can have a positive effect on
kindness, civic engagement, and “prosocial” behaviors.

     Research shows that playing violent video games can induce a feeling
     of guilt that leads to increased prosocial behavior (positive
     actions that benefit others) in the real world. [104] Another study
     published in Computers in Human Behavior discovered that youths
     exposed to violence in action games displayed more prosocial
     behavior and civic engagement, "possibly due to the team-oriented
     multiplayer options in many of these games." [103] In a 2013
     peer-reviewed study published in PLOS ONE, "Three experiments failed
     to find a detrimental effect of violent video games on prosocial
     behavior [positive actions taken to benefit others], despite using
     contemporary and classic games, delayed and immediate test-phases,
     and short and long exposures." [102] Researchers have shown that
     playing video games also results in increased moral sensitivity.
     [104] Read More

Con 8

Nearly all young men play video games, so the fact that some people who
commit violent acts also played games should not be surprising, nor does it
imply a causal relationship.

     An estimated four out of five US households with a male child own a
     video game system. Although boys play an average of nine hours per
     week, [84] only a small percentage of them display violent behavior.
     Patrick M. Markey, PhD, Director of the Interpersonal Research
     Laboratory at Villanova University, stated, "90% of young males play
     video games. Finding that a young man who committed a violent crime
     also played a popular video game, such as Call of Duty, Halo, or
     Grand Theft Auto, is as pointless as pointing out that the criminal
     also wore socks." [84] Read More

Con 9

Many risk factors are associated with youth violence, but video games are not
among them.

     The US Surgeon General's list of risk factors for youth violence
     included abusive parents, poverty, neglect, neighborhood crime,
     being male, substance use, and mental health problems, but not video
     games. [118] A peer-reviewed study even found a "real and
     significant" effect of hot weather on homicides and aggravated
     assaults, showing that heat is a risk factor for violence.
     [124]Smoking is a known risk factor for lung cancer, but there is no
     good evidence that video game playing is a risk factor for violence.
     An Aug. 2014 peer-reviewed study published in Psychology of Popular
     Media Culture pointed out that "As more people have been exposed to
     violent video games, serious and deadly assaults have not
     increased." [84] A 2014 peer-reviewed study published in the Journal
     of Communication also found that as video game playing increased,
     there was less youth violence. [93] Read More

Con 10

Violent video games provide opportunities for children to explore virtually
the consequences of violent actions and to develop their moral compasses.

     Violent games allow youth to experiment with moral issues such as
     war, violence, and death without real world consequences. [38] A
     researcher at the Harvard Medical School Center for Mental Health
     and Media wrote about her research: "One unexpected theme that came
     up multiple times in our focus groups was a feeling among boys that
     violent games can teach moral lessons... Many war-themed video games
     allow or require players to take the roles of soldiers from
     different sides of a conflict, perhaps making players more aware of
     the costs of war." [2] Read More

Con 11

Violent video games may decrease crime because people are busy playing the
games instead of committing violent acts.

     Some researchers say that violent people often seek out violent
     video games, and that the time they spend playing the games is
     taking them off the streets, leading to decreased crime. This is
     known as the "incapacitation effect." [84] Steven Levitt, PhD,
     economics professor at the University of Chicago and co-author of
     Freakonomics, stated, "It just stands to reason that if you find an
     activity that keeps potential criminals busy for six waking hours a
     day, then it probably makes sense that they're going to be doing
     less crime." [89] One study estimated that this effect leads to
     about ten fewer crimes per day nationwide. [90] Read More

Con 12

Gun violence is less prevalent in countries with high video game use.

     Per capita video game sales were $5.20 in the United States compared
     to $47 in Japan. In 2005, the United States had 2,279 murders
     committed by teenagers (27.9 per million residents) compared to 73
     in Japan (3.1 per million).[11][12][13] A study of the countries
     representing the 10 largest video game markets internationally found
     no correlation between playing video games and gun-related killings.
     [97] Even though US gun violence is high, the nine other countries
     with the highest video game usage have some of the lowest violent
     crime rates (and eight of those countries spend more per capita on
     video games than the United States). [97] Read More

Con 13

The competitive nature of a video game is what arouses aggression, not the
level of violent content.

     A peer-reviewed study in Psychology of Violence determined that the
     competitive nature of a video game was related to aggressive
     behavior, regardless of whether the game contained violent content
     or not. The researchers concluded: "Because past studies have failed
     to equate the violent and nonviolent video games on competitiveness,
     difficulty, and pace of action simultaneously, researchers may have
     attributed too much of the variability in aggression to the violent
     content." [125] A follow-up study tracked high school students for
     four years and came to the same conclusion: the competitive nature
     of the games led to the increased hostile behavior. [126] Read More

Con 14

Older generations often unfairly disparage new things that youth like, such
as video games.

     The "moral panic" that many adults feel about video games is an
     exaggerated sense of public concern, fear, and anxiety over a
     perceived threat of social corruption. [113] Other examples of moral
     panic from history include rock and roll, comic books, radio,
     television, cell phone use, and social media. [114] An Oct. 2013
     study in Psychology of Popular Media Culture found that people who
     had no experience playing video games were six times more likely to
     believe the games contributed to mass shootings. Older Americans
     were five times more likely than young people to think that the
     games caused mass shootings. [116] The 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary
     shooter, for example, was originally and incorrectly reported to be
     an avid player of violent video games. Investigators later showed
     that the shooter's favorite games were Super Mario Brothers, Dance,
     Dance Revolution, and other non-violent video games. [115] Read More

                               Did You Know?
   1. 90% of pediatricians and 67% of parents agreed or strongly agreed
   that violent video games can increase aggressive behavior among
   children. [75]
   2. Total US sales of video game hardware and software increased 204%
   from 1994 to 2014, reaching $13.1 billion in 2014, while violent crimes
   decreased 37% and murders by juveniles acting alone fell 76% in that
   same period. [133][134][135][136][82][83]
   3. An estimated four out of five US households with a male child own a
   video game system and worldwide sales of video games are predicted to
   reach $102.9 billion in 2017. [84][132]
   4. 60% of middle school boys and 40% of middle school girls who played
   at least one Mature-rated (M-rated) game hit or beat up someone,
   compared with 39% of boys and 14% of girls who did not play M-rated
   games. [63]
   5. In Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association, the US Supreme
   Court ruled 7-2 that California could not ban the sale of violent video
   games to minors because studies "do not prove that violent video games
   cause minors to act aggressively." [81]
   [history-global-3-boxes.png]

   [pro-and-con-quotes-global-3-boxes.png]

   [arguments-global-3-boxes.png]
              People who view this page may also like:
   1. Should the Drinking Age Be Lowered from 21 to a Younger Age?
   2. Are Social Networking Sites Good for Society?
   3. 2016 Presidential Election – Compare the Candidates

Our Latest Updates (archived after 30 days) [rss-42x22.png]

   NEW ProCon.org Website! – 2020 Presidential Election: The Candidates
   and Where They Stand on the Issues
   8/29/2019 - Learn about the presidential candidates' views on important
   issues, compare them with a side-by-side chart, find your best match
   with a fun quiz, track their finances, and so much more on our 2020
   Presidential Election website. The New York Times called our previous
   presidential election site "The most comprehensive tool for researching
   the candidate's stance on issues." Check back monthly for expanded
   issue coverage.
   Archived Notices (archived after 30 days)
     * Video Games – Pros & Cons
     * Pro & Con Quotes
     * History of Video Games

     * Did You Know?
     * Video Games & Violence Infographics
     * Entertainment Software Rating Board Categories
     * Who is the author? How to cite this page.
     * Source Biographies
     * Site Map

     * HOME
     * Cite This Page
     * Reprinting Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Disclaimer

READER FAVORITES

     * State Laws
     * Debate Topics
     * Critical Thinking Quotes
     * Teaching Controversial Issues
     * History Of...
     * [translate-icon-right-menu.png]
       TRANSLATE
       into 100+ Languages and Dialects

LET’S GET SOCIAL!

   Tweets by procon_org

   BECOME A MEMBER

   ProCon.org is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit
   public charity supported by your donations.


    233 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 200
    Santa Monica, CA 90401

   310-451-9596

   info@procon.org

   © 2019 ProCon.org
   All rights reserved



     * X
     * Home Page
     * Video Games – Menu
          + Video Games – Pros & Cons
          + Pro & Con Quotes
          + History of Video Games
          + Did You Know?
          + Video Games & Violence Infographics
          + Entertainment Software Rating Board Categories
          + Source Biographies
          + Cite This Page
          + Site Map
     * All Issues / Topics
          + Most Popular
               o Medical Marijuana – Should Marijuana Be a Medical Option?
               o Gun Control – Should More Gun Control Laws Be Enacted?
               o Animal Testing – Should Animals Be Used for Scientific or
                 Commercial Testing?
               o Death Penalty – Should the Death Penalty Be Allowed?
               o Recreational Marijuana – Should Recreational Marijuana Be
                 Legal?
               o School Uniforms – Should Students Have to Wear School
                 Uniforms?
               o Mandatory National Service – Should the United States
                 Have Mandatory National Service?
               o Social Media – Are Social Networking Sites Good for Our
                 Society?
               o Zoos – Should Zoos Exist?
               o Illegal Immigration – What Are the Solutions to Illegal
                 Immigration in America?
          + Topics A-Z
          + Topics by Category
          + Search
     * About Us
     * FAQs
     * Teachers’ Corner
     * Join – Become a Member

Cite This Page

   (BUTTON) ×

   ProCon.org is the institutional or organization author for all
   ProCon.org pages. Proper citation depends on your preferred or required
   style manual. Below are the proper citations for this page according to
   four style manuals (in alphabetical order): the Modern Language
   Association Style Manual (MLA), the Chicago Manual of Style (Chicago),
   the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association (APA),
   and Kate Turabian's A Manual for Writers of Term Papers, Theses, and
   Dissertations (Turabian). Here are the proper bibliographic citations
   for this page according to four style manuals (in alphabetical order):
     * APA
     * Chicago
     * MLA
     * Turabian

   APA (6th ed.):
   ProCon.org. (n.d.). Video Games. Retrieved from
   https://videogames.procon.org/

   [Editor's Note: The APA citation style requires double spacing within
   entries.]
   Chicago (17th ed.):
   ProCon.org, "Video Games," ProCon.org. last modified n.d.
   https://videogames.procon.org/.
   MLA (8th ed.):
   ProCon.org, "Video Games." ProCon.org. n.d., videogames.procon.org/

   [Editor’s Note: The MLA citation style requires double spacing within
   entries.]
   Turabian (8th ed.):
   ProCon.org. "Video Games." ProCon.org. Accessed September 26, 2019.
   https://videogames.procon.org/
   Skip to content
   ProCon.org - Pros & Cons of Current Issues. Reliable. Nonpartisan.
   Empowering
   (BUTTON)
     * More Issues
     * About Us
     * FAQs
     * Teachers’ Corner
     * Join – Become a Member

Nothing Found

   Sorry, but nothing matched your search terms. Please try again with
   some different keywords.
   Search
   {search_term_string} Search
     * Video Games – Pros & Cons
     * Pro & Con Quotes
     * History of Video Games

     * Did You Know?
     * Video Games & Violence Infographics
     * Entertainment Software Rating Board Categories
     * Who is the author? How to cite this page.
     * Source Biographies
     * Site Map

     * HOME
     * Cite This Page
     * Reprinting Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Disclaimer

READER FAVORITES

     * State Laws
     * Debate Topics
     * Critical Thinking Quotes
     * Teaching Controversial Issues
     * History Of...
     * [translate-icon-right-menu.png]
       TRANSLATE
       into 100+ Languages and Dialects

LET’S GET SOCIAL!

   Tweets by procon_org

   BECOME A MEMBER

   ProCon.org is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit
   public charity supported by your donations.


    233 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 200
    Santa Monica, CA 90401

   310-451-9596

   info@procon.org

   © 2019 ProCon.org
   All rights reserved



     * X
     * Home Page
     * Video Games – Menu
          + Video Games – Pros & Cons
          + Pro & Con Quotes
          + History of Video Games
          + Did You Know?
          + Video Games & Violence Infographics
          + Entertainment Software Rating Board Categories
          + Source Biographies
          + Cite This Page
          + Site Map
     * All Issues / Topics
          + Most Popular
               o Medical Marijuana – Should Marijuana Be a Medical Option?
               o Gun Control – Should More Gun Control Laws Be Enacted?
               o Animal Testing – Should Animals Be Used for Scientific or
                 Commercial Testing?
               o Death Penalty – Should the Death Penalty Be Allowed?
               o Recreational Marijuana – Should Recreational Marijuana Be
                 Legal?
               o School Uniforms – Should Students Have to Wear School
                 Uniforms?
               o Mandatory National Service – Should the United States
                 Have Mandatory National Service?
               o Social Media – Are Social Networking Sites Good for Our
                 Society?
               o Zoos – Should Zoos Exist?
               o Illegal Immigration – What Are the Solutions to Illegal
                 Immigration in America?
          + Topics A-Z
          + Topics by Category
          + Search
     * About Us
     * FAQs
     * Teachers’ Corner
     * Join – Become a Member

Cite This Page

   (BUTTON) ×

   ProCon.org is the institutional or organization author for all
   ProCon.org pages. Proper citation depends on your preferred or required
   style manual. Below are the proper citations for this page according to
   four style manuals (in alphabetical order): the Modern Language
   Association Style Manual (MLA), the Chicago Manual of Style (Chicago),
   the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association (APA),
   and Kate Turabian's A Manual for Writers of Term Papers, Theses, and
   Dissertations (Turabian). Here are the proper bibliographic citations
   for this page according to four style manuals (in alphabetical order):
     * APA
     * Chicago
     * MLA
     * Turabian

   APA (6th ed.):

   [Editor's Note: The APA citation style requires double spacing within
   entries.]
   Chicago (17th ed.):
   MLA (8th ed.):

   [Editor’s Note: The MLA citation style requires double spacing within
   entries.]
   Turabian (8th ed.):


