   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » [Update: Buttons aren't dead] The Galaxy
   Note 10 won't have a headphone jack or physical volume and power keys
   (rumor) Comments Feed alternate alternate

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   223

[Update: Buttons aren't dead] The Galaxy Note 10 won't have a headphone jack
or physical volume and power keys (rumor)

   David Ruddock
   Follow View All Posts
   2019/06/20 7:17am PDTJun 20, 2019
     * News
     * Rumors
     * Samsung

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F05%2FLRM_EXPORT_20180815_172334_1.jpg&w=728]
   [INS: :INS]
     * Update 1: 2019/06/20 7:34am PDT
       We've received new information from a reliable source indicating
       Samsung has, in fact, halted plans to debut pressure-sensitive
       "faux" buttons on the Galaxy Note10. The phone will have
       traditional physical

   Speaking to a source familiar with the company's plans, Android Police
   has learned that Samsung will likely begin its wind-down of the
   headphone jack - and even physical keys for functions like volume and
   power - with the Galaxy Note 10. The Note 10 will have no 3.5mm
   connector, and exterior buttons (power, volume, Bixby) will be replaced
   by capacitive or pressure-sensitive areas, likely highlighted by some
   kind of raised 'bump' and/or texture along the edge (i.e., a faux
   button). We don't know if it's Samsung's intent to carry over both of
   these changes to the Galaxy S11 in 2020.

   Both changes had been previously rumored, but we can now provide
   stronger confirmation.

   The Note line has always been fertile ground for Samsung's more
   forward-looking changes to its smartphones' industrial design and
   general philosophy, as it's a phone that's long been adored by some of
   Samsung's most ardent fans - the sort of people who tend to be early
   adopters of new technology.

   Removing the headphone jack would almost certainly result in
   excoriation from some of those fans, who have long held that Samsung's
   steadfast adherence to the 3.5mm jack is one of their big reasons for
   sticking with the brand. But in 2019, Samsung virtually stands alone in
   the high-end phone space in this regard. Google, OnePlus, Huawei, and
   Apple have all abandoned the headphone jack on their premium devices.
   Even many budget phonemakers have started to purge it: Xiaomi's Mi 9,
   Honor's 20 Pro, and Oppo's Reno all lack the familiar connector. It
   really does appear to be fully on the way out, and I imagine it's just
   a matter of time before this trickles down even to budget phones.
   [INS: :INS]

   Samsung is likely to argue that removing the jack creates precious
   volume for more battery capacity, though there are also benefits in
   terms of reducing design complexity and increasing ingress resistance
   from dust and liquids (Samsung's latest offering, the Galaxy S10, still
   gets an IP68 rating even with a headphone jack). The same argument
   likely applies to the buttons, which are another potential failure
   point that could theoretically be eliminated. One of the lesser-known
   upsides to removing those keys is removing their cutouts, which tend to
   be the weakest points in the unibody aluminum frames most premium
   phones are constructed from. This could possibly allow Samsung to
   create a thinner, lighter phone design without compromising on
   structural rigidity.

   Our source confirms existing rumors about multiple models of the phone,
   with two sizes anticipated to be available - one larger, one smaller
   (though "small" is only by Note standards).

   If history is any indicator, we can expect Samsung to announce this
   phone mid-summer, likely in August.
   Update 1: 2019/06/20 7:34am PDT by David Ruddock

   We've received new information from a reliable source indicating
   Samsung has, in fact, halted plans to debut pressure-sensitive "faux"
   buttons on the Galaxy Note10. The phone will have traditional physical
   power and volume keys (but no Bixby key). While we're not sure why the
   company changed course—and we can confirm that was the case, Samsung
   did seriously plan to get rid of them—it seems for whatever reason that
   Samsung decided the world wasn't ready for its take on HTC's phony
   buttons.
   End of Update
     * Tags
     * galaxy note 10 headphone jack
     * Galaxy Note10

   subscribe
   [INS: :INS]
   ...

Previous Story

[Update: Official release June 26] Human: Fall Flat is coming to Android
thanks to a ...

   ...

Next Story

YouTube considers moving all children’s content exclusively to its Kids app
due to FTC ...

Trending

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019

   [INS: :INS]

Comments

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     *
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 18
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FMoto-one-action-hero-1.png&w=60&
            h=60]

The Motorola One Action gives the Moto G a run for its money
            2019/09/12 8:53am PDTSep 12, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 29
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAdidas-Running-hero.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Runtastic becomes Adidas Running four years after acquisition
            2019/09/25 6:45am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   154 queries | 0.512s | hive Original page cache stats:
   154 queries | 0.512s | hive
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.476s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

Spelling error report

The following text will be sent to our editors:

Your comment (optional):


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Send Cancel

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Google is permanently nerfing all Home
   Minis because mine spied on everything I said 24/7 [Update x2] Comments
   Feed alternate alternate

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   326

Google is permanently nerfing all Home Minis because mine spied on everything
I said 24/7 [Update x2]

   Artem Russakovskii
   Follow View All Posts
   2017/10/10 2:21pm PDTOct 10, 2017
     * Exclusives
     * Google
     * Google Home
     * Google Home Mini
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2017%2F10%2Fnexus2cee_google-home-mini-charcoal2.jpg&w=728]
   [INS: :INS]
     * Update 1: 2017/10/10 5:31pm PDT
       Google has just published a support page to address the reported
       issue. The company assures pre-order customers that their units
       won't be affected, and the defect should be limited to
     * Update 2: 2017/10/11 5:28pm PDT
       Google has decided to permanently remove all top touch
       functionality. The company sent us the following statement: We take
       user privacy and product quality concerns very seriously. Although
       we only received

   Article Contents
     * 1 So what happened?
          + 1.1 Wednesday, October 4th
          + 1.2 Friday, October 6th
          + 1.3 Friday, October 6th - 4:22pm
          + 1.4 Friday, October 6th - 4:32pm
          + 1.5 Friday, October 6th - 5:58pm
          + 1.6 Friday, October 6th - 7:00pm
          + 1.7 Saturday, October 7th
          + 1.8 Sunday, October 8th
          + 1.9 Monday, October 9
          + 1.10 Tuesday, October 10
     * 2 Conclusion

   When the first home assistants were announced, I was excited. A device
   I could wake up with a simple hotword that would answer my questions,
   set reminders, turn on the TV, and dim the lights, all without me
   having to get off the couch, sounded fantastic. Amazon's Echo and Echo
   Dot, Google's Home, and a myriad others, most recently the Home Mini,
   have invaded our kitchens, living rooms, and bedrooms. Heck, I put one
   in the bathroom.

   Without fail, every time a new listening device comes to market, some
   tinfoil hat-wearer points out how perfect they would be as modern-day
   Trojan horses for any of the three-letter acronym organizations - NSA,
   CIA, FBI - you name it. Manufacturers, on their part, assure us their
   devices are perfectly safe and only listen when prompted. We brush the
   concerns off and move on with our lives, but not before granting our
   smart pineapples (did you know "pineapple" is the codename for Google
   Home?) access to the smart rice maker, smart vacuum, and smart
   toothbrush.

   I didn't give too much thought to these privacy concerns because they
   all sounded theoretical and unlikely. My four Google Homes and three
   Echos sat quietly on their respective desks and counters, and only
   turned on when one of three things happened:
   [INS: :INS]
    1. I called out a hotword (Alexa for Echos and Hey or OK Google for
       Homes).
    2. A video I was watching or podcast I was listening to did this (I'm
       looking at you, Marques!)
    3. They heard a noise or word that they thought sounded like a hotword
       but in reality was not. This happened once or twice every few days.

   That is until last week, when a 4th case came along - 24/7 recording,
   transmission to Google's servers, and storing on them of pretty much
   everything going on around my Home Mini, which I had just received at
   the Made by Google October 4th launch event.
   Before I describe exactly what happened and how I discovered this
   pretty incredible violation of privacy, I'd like to point out that it
   ended up being a hardware defect in my Home Mini as well as an
   unspecified small number of others. Google never intended for it to
   happen and has reacted incredibly swiftly to rectify the situation.

So what happened?

Wednesday, October 4th

   I went to the Google launch event in San Francisco that I'm sure many
   of you watched closely. In addition to the two new Pixels, the
   Pixelbook, Pixel Buds, and Google Clips, Google introduced the Home
   Mini, a tiny $50 version of the Home we'd expected for several months.
   Everyone in attendance got to take one home, and having run out of
   rooms to put it in, I stuck mine in the bathroom. Before you go raising
   your eyebrows, this is a room I spend a considerable amount of time in,
   listening to podcasts, music, and asking Google random questions when I
   get ready for the day in the morning.

   Several days passed without me noticing anything wrong. In the
   meantime, as it turns out, the Mini was behaving very differently from
   all the other Homes and Echos in my home - it was waking up thousands
   of times a day, recording, then sending those recordings to Google. All
   of this was done quietly, with only the four lights on the unit I
   wasn't looking at flashing on and then off.

   In the meantime, Android Police, along with numerous other
   publications, gave the Mini glowing reviews. Their units were fine.
   Mine, however, was not (#artemsluck as usual).
   [INS: :INS]

Friday, October 6th

   I turned on a TV located not too far from the Mini and attempted to
   watch a show. I say "attempted" because during the first 10 minutes,
   the Mini turned itself on several times a minute, listened to whatever
   was on the TV, and attempted to respond, usually by saying it did not
   understand. At some point, it even somehow managed to take over my
   Spotify stream that was playing in the office and switched it to the
   bathroom:

   At this point, I was ready to chuck the Mini at a wall and yell at
   David for not noticing the very obvious sensitivity issue that was
   dialed up past 11 all the way to 111.

   Having freshly discovered the day prior that Google's My Activity
   portal on the web contained an Assistant-specific section, I opened it
   up, and my jaw dropped. I saw thousands of items, each with a Play
   button and a timestamp, all attributed to the cryptically named
   com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod and Assistant. See for
   yourself:

   [nexus2cee_my-activity-329x521.png]

   At this point, I remembered chirp was the codename for the Google Home
   ecosystem and realized mushroom likely referred to the Mini, since the
   regular Home is pineapple. After listening to a dozen audio clips that
   looked something like this...

   [nexus2cee_my-activity-item-details-329x323.png]

   ... I went back to the bathroom to take a closer look at the
   mischievous Mini. Was I grossly misunderstanding how Assistant works or
   was there something seriously wrong?
   [INS: :INS]
   Yes, everything you tell your Assistant is recorded and stored on
   Google's servers unless you explicitly disable it in My Activity, which
   will adversely affect the accuracy of recognition.

   [nexus2cee_voice-and-audio-activity-329x198.png]

   I turned on a nearby TV and started recording. Here's what I saw:

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/0hQPv6lyFtM?feature=oembed

   Just to clarify, the audio is not coming out of the speaker next to the
   Home Mini, but from a TV speaker a few feet away.

   As you can see, the Home Mini quietly turns on, flashes its lights,
   then shuts off after recording every sound. When the volume increases,
   it actually attempts to respond to random queries. I was even able to
   get it to turn on just by knocking on the wall.

Friday, October 6th - 4:22pm

   At this point, I realized the seriousness of the situation and
   contacted Google PR. I described the issue, added "urgent" to the
   subject, and sent it off, not expecting a response until Monday at
   best.

     Hi,

     Please forward this to the Google Home team for a response. We are
     working on a story and will publish in the next day or so. I just
     discovered the issue and based on my understanding, it's quite a
     serious violation of privacy, specific to the Google Home
     Mini. Could you please confirm that the Mini's codename is
     "mushroom"?

     Here's an example screenshot from the Google My Activity page,
     filtered by Assistant. As you can see, there are thousands of
     triggers that record, transmit, and save the audio snippets on
     Google's servers. All of them say they were triggered by a hotword.
     It's obviously not true. I also noticed the Home Mini is extremely
     sensitive to nearby sounds (TV, speech, etc.) and has a lot of false
     positives, including ones that result in an audible response
     (usually that it didn't understand what was asked).

     <SNIPPED IMAGE>

     Now here's the kicker - based on Google My Activity, the onslaught
     of thousands of transmitted and saved Assistant-related audio
     queries started on the day the Home Mini was set up (October 4). The
     mention of "com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod" does not
     appear before then either, all pointing to the Home Mini being the
     culprit and not the larger Homes, Android TVs, or phones.

     Needless to say, if a listening device records almost every minute
     of every day and stores it remotely, we're talking about a huge
     privacy violation. Does Google have a comment about this?

     Thank you.

     Sincerely,
     Artem

Friday, October 6th - 4:32pm

   To my surprise, the first reply came in 10 minutes later. They were
   looking into it. I replied with a few more details.

Friday, October 6th - 5:58pm

   Google assured me that this was the first time they've heard of this
   issue and were really interested in swapping out my unit to examine it.
   [INS: :INS]

Friday, October 6th - 7:00pm

   Google PR was on the way to my house to pick it up. Mind you, we're
   talking about a Friday night here. That's dedication! I wasn't home at
   the time, but by 9pm, the exchange was made. In fact, I was left with
   two replacement Google Home Minis for my trouble. I'm on to you,
   Google! (/s)

   An engineer was driving up to Oakland to examine it that very night. It
   was clear how seriously they were treating the situation.

Saturday, October 7th

   The next day, Google sent me its initial assessment that I will quote
   here:

     We have learned of an issue impacting a small number of Google Home
     Minis that could cause the touch mechanism to behave incorrectly. We
     are rolling out a software update today that should address the
     issue. If you're having any additional issues, please feel free to
     contact Google Support at 1-855-971-9121.

   I asked for some clarifications and gave them more time.

Sunday, October 8th

   Further clarifications arrived. The Google Home Mini supports hotword
   activation through a long press on the touch panel. This method allows
   people to activate the Google Assistant without saying the hotword. On
   a very small number of Google Home Mini devices, Google is seeing the
   touch panel register “phantom” touch events.

   In response, the updated software disables the long press to activate
   the Google Assistant feature. Once the Google Home Mini devices receive
   the updated software, all long press events (real or phantom) will be
   ignored and Google Assistant will not be invoked accidentally.

   The company also let me know that they're in the process of building a
   long-term fix, whatever it may be. It's too early to say if they're
   going to be able to deal with "phantom" touch events entirely in
   software or if a recall for affected units will be in order.

Monday, October 9

   I followed up with some more questions.
   [INS: :INS]

Tuesday, October 10

   The firmware I was originally running was 1.28.99351. Google says the
   new firmware is 1.28.100122, and the rollout has already been
   completed.

   You can also see that the online Home Mini documentation has been
   updated to reflect the above:

   [nexus2cee_image-7.png]

Conclusion

   So there you have it. Don't be surprised that the long-press to
   activate Assistant functionality, described in many reviews, isn't
   working. My Google Home Mini was inadvertently spying on me 24/7 due to
   a hardware flaw. Google nerfed all Home Minis by disabling the
   long-press in response, and is now looking into a long-term solution.

   I'd like to once again commend the company's reaction to my report and
   the speed at which they issued the OTA that dealt with the problem
   right away, giving them time to look for a proper fix.
   Update 1: 2017/10/10 5:31pm PDT

   Google has just published a support page to address the reported issue.
   The company assures pre-order customers that their units won't be
   affected, and the defect should be limited to the batches given out at
   Made by Google events, which presumably includes 4,000 Home Minis
   distributed at the donut pop-up events as well as the ones from the
   October 4th press event.

   Additionally, Google has removed all existing activity generated by
   long pressing the top of a Mini from their servers.

   It's still unclear at this point what the fate of the long-press
   feature is in the long term.

     [Fixed issue] Google Home Mini touch controls behaving incorrectly

   The Google Home team is aware of an issue impacting a small number of
   Google Home Mini devices that could cause the touch control mechanism
   to behave incorrectly. We immediately rolled out a software update on
   October 7 to mitigate the issue.

   Who is affected: People who received an early release Google Home Mini
   device at recent Made by Google events. Pre-ordered Google Home
   Mini purchases aren’t affected.

   My Activity: We take user privacy very seriously. We've removed any
   activity/queries that were created by long pressing the top of a Google
   Home Mini between October 4 and October 7, when the software update was
   rolled out. That information will no longer be listed on your My
   Activity page. You can also always go to your My Activity page and
   delete any past activity from your account.

   Next steps: If you're still having issues, please contact Google Home
   Support at 1-855-971-9121 to get a replacement Google Home Mini.

   End of Update
   Update 2: 2017/10/11 5:28pm PDT

   Google has decided to permanently remove all top touch functionality.
   The company sent us the following statement:

     We take user privacy and product quality concerns very seriously.
     Although we only received a few reports of this issue, we want
     people to have complete peace of mind while using Google Home Mini.

     We have made the decision to permanently remove all top touch
     functionality on the Google Home Mini. As before, the best way to
     control and activate Google Home Mini is through voice, by saying
     “Ok Google” or “Hey Google,” which is already how most people engage
     with our Google Home products. You can still adjust the volume by
     using the touch control on the side of the device.

   Note that it's not just the long-press to activate Assistant that's
   getting permanently canned, but also the single-tap functionality to
   play, pause, and stop alarms/timers. The support page has now been
   reflected accordingly:

     Top touch functionality

     We've decided to permanently remove all top touch
     functionality on Google Home Mini. We made this decision to avoid
     any confusion and give you complete peace of mind while using your
     Mini. The update will be completely rolled out by end of day October
     15, 2017.

     The good news is you get the same functionality using your voice.
     * Say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google" instead of pressing and holding the
       top of Mini to start a request.
     * Say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google <pause/play/stop>" instead of
       tapping the top of Mini to control music, alarms, and timers.

     Volume control

     Mini's volume controls haven't changed. You can still control volume
     by side touch and voice.

   End of Update
     * Tags
     * CIA
     * Google
     * google home
     * google home mini
     * home mini
     * hotword
     * my activity
     * NSA
     * OK Google
     * phantom
     * recording
     * spying
     * video

   subscribe
   [INS: :INS]
   ...

Previous Story

August Home’s $199 Doorbell Cam Pro is now shipping

   ...

Next Story

5000+ Wells Fargo ATMs now have NFC, can be signed into with Android Pay

Trending

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019

   [INS: :INS]

Comments

   [INS: :INS]

     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     *
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     *
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 18
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FMoto-one-action-hero-1.png&w=60&
            h=60]

The Motorola One Action gives the Moto G a run for its money
            2019/09/12 8:53am PDTSep 12, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 28
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAdidas-Running-hero.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Runtastic becomes Adidas Running four years after acquisition
            2019/09/25 6:45am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 170
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 79
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 12
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 109
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FMario_Kart_Tour.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Mario Kart Tour finally arrives on Android, and it’s easily the worst game in
the series
       2019/09/25 6:11am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 28
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 170
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   156 queries | 0.878s | citadel Original page cache stats:
   156 queries | 0.878s | citadel
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.182s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

Spelling error report

The following text will be sent to our editors:

Your comment (optional):


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Send Cancel

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher next Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps,
   games, phones, tablets » Comments Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   0

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector

   Rita El Khoury
   2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Android TV
     * News
     * Other Reviews
     * Reviews

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=728]

   Until recently, most portable projectors either ran no software at all,
   relying on HDMI and USB for input, or offered a regular version of
   Android that wasn't suited for TVs or navigation with a remote. Then
   Anker's Nebula Capsule II launched with Android TV and the game changed
   drastically. It was the first projector to provide a seamless
   experience thanks to an optimized interface made specifically for TVs
   and official access to the Play Store.

   XGIMI, a projector maker, is now dipping its toes in the same market
   with the new MoGo. With Android TV, Google Assistant, Harman Kardon
   audio, 210 ANSI Lumens, and an appealing price tag, the MoGo has
   everything going for it, but you should keep an eye open for a few
   quirks.
   Read More

   36

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year

   Matthew Sholtz
   2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Games
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444992_n.pn
   g&w=728]

   Black Desert Mobile is an MMORPG that's already available on Android,
   though you can only download it off the Play Store if you live in Korea
   or Japan. Now that the developer Pearl Abyss has had some time to iron
   out a few kinks and find some success in the regions the game was
   launched, the studio has announced on Facebook that a global release
   will happen this year, which means an English version is expected to
   land on the Play Store sometime in the next eight months.
   Read More

   2

The AT&T Moto G6 Play is finally getting Android 9 Pie

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 6:15am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Moto G6 Play
     * Motorola
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2018%2F04%2Fg6-play-hero.png&w=728]

   Even though Motorola can't be credited for updating its devices with
   the same speed and consistency as Nokia, OnePlus, or Essential, at
   least one new OS versions generally hits their devices, eventually. One
   such instance is last year's Moto G6 Play — while other US variants of
   the phone have already had the Android 9 Pie update since April, AT&T
   is finally getting round to rolling it out.
   Read More

   2

Verizon LG V40 ThinQ gets native screen recording and secure power-off in
latest update

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 6:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * LG
     * News
     * V40 ThinQ
     * Verizon Wireless

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2018%2F10%2FDSC00511.jpg&w=728]

   The LG V40 ThinQ only recently received Android 9 Pie on all US
   carriers, but it's already time for another minor update, hitting the
   Verizon variant first. It includes some security patches, a native
   screen recording app, and a secure power-off feature.
   Read More

   1

Ring Fetch will track your dog using Amazon's new low-energy IoT protocol

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 5:37am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Famazon-sidewalk.png&w=728]

   Amazon announced a slew of new devices and "motherfucking" Echo
   features during its September event, but it also offered a glimpse at a
   new concept called Amazon Sidewalk, a low-energy networking standard
   for IoT devices outside your home. This might be useful to geofence
   your dog or to monitor your plants' water requirements.
   Read More

   8

You can now apply for a job through Alexa or Google Assistant, as long as
it's at McDonald's

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 5:30am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Alexa
     * Amazon
     * Google
     * Google Assistant
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fmcdonalds-apply-thru.png&w=728]

   Voice assistants generally make our lives easier. With the right setup,
   we don't have to get up from the couch to turn on the light or the TV.
   It's even possible to order food without actually having to call a
   place. Another absolute killer feature is joining these skills' ranks:
   You can now apply for a job at McDonald's through Google's and Amazon's
   assistants thanks to the restaurant's own "Apply Thru" skill.
   Read More

   2

Skyrim and other demanding Oculus Rift titles are coming to the cheaper Quest

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 4:22am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Facebook
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2F58264736_414572955987445_3234320754271059968_n.png
   &w=728]

   The VR hype train has slowed down considerably over the last couple of
   years, but that doesn't stop companies invested in the technology from
   iterating on their products. The same is true for Facebook, which
   announced a number of significant improvements to its VR division
   during its annual Oculus event on Wednesday, making advanced virtual
   reality experiences more accessible at lower prices. Among a plethora
   of changes to the platform, you can now let the Oculus Quest track your
   hands without additional hardware and connect it to a computer via USB,
   allowing you to get some of the full Rift VR experience.
   Read More

   6

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)

   Hagop Kavafian
   2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Anker
     * Deals
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=728]

   Power banks are particularly convenient when your battery is running
   low while you're on the go, but what if you carry several devices and
   need to charge them all at once? Anker's PowerCore+ 26800 PD has got
   your back, as it can charge up to three devices simultaneously,
   including your tablet and laptop. The product has dropped to $68 on
   Amazon, which is its lowest price ever, $62 off the original one.
   Read More

The Best Of AP

   234

Google Fi's new "unlimited" plan is an admission of defeat for the upstart
MVNO

   214

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle

   105

[Update: Rolling out again] Google app getting full dark mode for Search,
Assistant, and in-app Discover feed [APK Download]

   153

Another Pixel 4 hands-on gives us a glimpse of face unlock and new camera
settings

   15

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Ring
     * Security
     * Security Cameras
     * Smart Home

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=728]

   Amazon has made a busy day for the consuming public: we've just parsed
   our way through the Echo speakers, the smart oven, other smart
   ephemera, and a raft of booster shots to Alexa. Now, we're covering the
   Amazon subsidiaries that have products coming out this fall. For eero,
   it has revamped its mesh Wi-Fi base station while Ring has a pair of
   cameras and a bridge between its Alarm hub and older alarm systems.
   Both are putting price pressure on their respective marketplaces.
   Read More

   24

Google extends support lifespan for seven Lenovo Chromebooks to 2025

   David Oh
   2019/09/25 3:45pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Chrome OS
     * Chromebooks
     * Flex 11 Chromebook
     * Lenovo
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Flenovo-c330-hero.png&w=728]

   Google Chromebooks, just like smartphones, need access to OS updates to
   stay secure and up-to-date on the latest features. But also just like
   phones, they only get updates for so long — something we've made sure
   to warn you about when shopping for a Chromebook, lest you get stuck
   with a model whose support lifespan is about to run out. Now one group
   of devices is getting an unexpected reprieve, as Google extends updates
   for certain Lenovo Chromebooks through June of 2025.
   Read More
   Page 1 of 4,59012345...10...Next›Last»

   [INS: :INS]

     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     *
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + No. (54%, 4,588 Votes)
          + Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
            (34%, 2,852 Votes)
          + Yes, I could give them up. (10%, 822 Votes)
          + I don't know. (2%, 164 Votes)
       Total Voters: 8,426
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   187 queries | 0.672s | citadel Original page cache stats:
   187 queries | 0.672s | citadel
   This request stats:
   187 queries | 0.680s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. |
   © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher prev next Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps,
   games, phones, tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Comments Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   21

Amazon debuts new Echo Show 8 smart display, noise-reducing earbuds, and more

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 3:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Alexa
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Smart Home

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Famazon-echo-devices-2019.png&w=728]

   When it comes to selling what it makes, Amazon's Echo speakers are the
   company's bread and butter. But those speakers were, at one point,
   experiments and they've had their time to grow — just as much as that
   AmazonBasics microwave turned into a smart oven, but whatevs. So, we're
   here to talk about the new Echo Show smart display, wireless earbuds, a
   lamp, a pair of sort-of-smart glasses and a sort-of-smart ring.
   Read More

   25

Alexa, start a house fire: Amazon reveals its new Smart Oven

   Corbin Davenport
   2019/09/25 2:58pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2F615GXG3lV2L._AC_SL1000_.jpg&w=728]

   One of my favorite attractions in Walt Disney World is the 'Carousel of
   Progress,' a show initially created by Walt Disney himself to show how
   technology has changed families' lives over the last 100 or so years.
   The final 'future' scene (it's a bit outdated now) depicts a father
   using a voice-controlled oven, but as he repeats the increasing scores
   from a nearby video game, the oven continuously raises the temperature
   until it catches a turkey on fire. At long last, this is finally a
   reality, as Amazon has revealed an Alexa-controlled smart oven.
   Read More

   12

Amazon announces new Echo, high-end Echo Studio, and more speakers

   Corbin Davenport
   2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fd39w7f4ix9f5s9.cloudfront.net_.jpg&w=728]

   Reports indicated that Amazon would announce a new premium Echo speaker
   today. That did turn out to be true, but there were also a lot of other
   new speakers.
   Read More

   81

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event

   Zach Laidlaw
   2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Leaks
     * News
     * OnePlus
     * OnePlus 7T
     * OnePlus 7T Pro

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=728]

   We shared a 3D model of the OnePlus 7T's chassis in August and
   graduated to official renders in September, compliments of OnePlus CEO,
   Pete Lau. Today, on the eve of the launch event, we now have a detailed
   view of these devices in the flesh, and the results are remarkably
   similar to what we've already seen.
   Read More

   34

Anker announces six new sets of Soundcore Bluetooth earbuds: Liberty 2/2
Pro/Air 2 and Spirit 2/Dot 2/X2

   Ryan Whitwam
   2019/09/25 1:30pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Anker
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FA3909_Lifestyle-image-5.jpg&w=728]

   You might associate Anker primarily with charging accessories, but it's
   been making a go of Bluetooth audio with its Soundcore devices. Today,
   the company has announced six new products under the Soundcore brand,
   including the premium Liberty 2 Pro true wireless earbuds and the
   budget-conscious Spirit 2 earbuds.
   Read More

   5

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday

   Jordan Palmer
   2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Applications
     * Deals
     * Games
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=728]

   Welcome to another round of app sales. We're halfway through
   September's final week. It's a small list today, so be sure to pop by
   Monday's roundup (where there was a lot more to be had) if you're
   hungry for more. I'll see you on Friday.
   Read More

   0

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more

   Taylor Kerns
   2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Deals
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.jpg&w=728]

   We're officially into fall, if you can believe it. Is it too early to
   start shopping for stocking stuffers? We've got plenty of good
   candidates this week, including Amazon's Echo Wall Clock (I don't know
   how big your stockings are), a pocket-friendly power bank from Anker,
   and a bunch of accessories by Aukey.
   Read More

   40

My Echo is the one that says 'Bad Motherfucker:' Samuel L. Jackson will be an
Alexa voice

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 12:42pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Alexa
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Ring
     * Security

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fsamuel-l-jackson-alexa.png&w=728]

   Amazon just reported that Alexa is now available on over 85,000
   devices, a 41% spike from May, from 9,500 brands — up another 28.3%
   from four months ago. With those kinds of numbers, it is paramount that
   more thought be put into a user's sense of privacy and security when
   they own an Alexa product. Today, the company announced a number of
   improvements, features, and skills it has worked towards in the past
   year with some new features available from today — notably including
   the coming addition of Samuel L. Jackson as a voice for Alexa.
   Read More

The Best Of AP

   234

Google Fi's new "unlimited" plan is an admission of defeat for the upstart
MVNO

   105

[Update: Rolling out again] Google app getting full dark mode for Search,
Assistant, and in-app Discover feed [APK Download]

   153

Another Pixel 4 hands-on gives us a glimpse of face unlock and new camera
settings

   10

Ring's new lightweight app lets you instantly access your cameras

   26

OnePlus CEO gives us our first good look at the forthcoming OnePlus TV

   Zach Laidlaw
   2019/09/25 12:20pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Android TV
     * News
     * OnePlus

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-TV.jpg&w=728]

   Rumors and reports about the upcoming OnePlus smart television have
   been rolling across our desks since the company first confirmed its
   plans a year ago. Since then we've learned about some hardware features
   to expect, and saw the official OnePlus TV name confirmed, and now we
   finally have our first real look at the TV itself.
   Read More

   15

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners

   Cody Toombs
   2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Mobile Accessory Reviews
     * News
     * Reviews
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=728]

   Whether you're preparing for a trip across the world or just getting
   together a few essentials for a hike, it can be difficult to find space
   for everything that will come with you. If something is too big, it's
   staying at home. That's where most smartphone gimbals tend to fail the
   test: long handles and awkward shapes make them terrible to pack and
   annoying to carry. Zhiyun, a company highly regarded for its DSLR and
   smartphone gimbals, is preparing to release a new model called the
   Smooth-Q2 that's more compact than any smartphone gimbal on the market.
   Aside from a few basic sacrifices, it's a great little tool to really
   improve the quality of your videos.
   Read More
   Page 2 of 4,590‹Prev12345...10...Next›Last»

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     *
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   182 queries | 0.631s | hive Original page cache stats:
   182 queries | 0.631s | hive
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.200s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Search Results for
   “{search_term_string}” Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   We found 0 results for '{search_term_string}'

Sort by:

   Relevance time Comments

   Sorry, no posts matched your criteria.

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   116 queries | 4.797s | nexus2 Original page cache stats:
   116 queries | 4.797s | nexus2
   This request stats:
   116 queries | 4.810s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » [Update: Buttons aren't dead] The Galaxy
   Note 10 won't have a headphone jack or physical volume and power keys
   (rumor) Comments Feed alternate alternate

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   223

[Update: Buttons aren't dead] The Galaxy Note 10 won't have a headphone jack
or physical volume and power keys (rumor)

   David Ruddock
   Follow View All Posts
   2019/06/20 7:17am PDTJun 20, 2019
     * News
     * Rumors
     * Samsung

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F05%2FLRM_EXPORT_20180815_172334_1.jpg&w=728]
   [INS: :INS]
     * Update 1: 2019/06/20 7:34am PDT
       We've received new information from a reliable source indicating
       Samsung has, in fact, halted plans to debut pressure-sensitive
       "faux" buttons on the Galaxy Note10. The phone will have
       traditional physical

   Speaking to a source familiar with the company's plans, Android Police
   has learned that Samsung will likely begin its wind-down of the
   headphone jack - and even physical keys for functions like volume and
   power - with the Galaxy Note 10. The Note 10 will have no 3.5mm
   connector, and exterior buttons (power, volume, Bixby) will be replaced
   by capacitive or pressure-sensitive areas, likely highlighted by some
   kind of raised 'bump' and/or texture along the edge (i.e., a faux
   button). We don't know if it's Samsung's intent to carry over both of
   these changes to the Galaxy S11 in 2020.

   Both changes had been previously rumored, but we can now provide
   stronger confirmation.

   The Note line has always been fertile ground for Samsung's more
   forward-looking changes to its smartphones' industrial design and
   general philosophy, as it's a phone that's long been adored by some of
   Samsung's most ardent fans - the sort of people who tend to be early
   adopters of new technology.

   Removing the headphone jack would almost certainly result in
   excoriation from some of those fans, who have long held that Samsung's
   steadfast adherence to the 3.5mm jack is one of their big reasons for
   sticking with the brand. But in 2019, Samsung virtually stands alone in
   the high-end phone space in this regard. Google, OnePlus, Huawei, and
   Apple have all abandoned the headphone jack on their premium devices.
   Even many budget phonemakers have started to purge it: Xiaomi's Mi 9,
   Honor's 20 Pro, and Oppo's Reno all lack the familiar connector. It
   really does appear to be fully on the way out, and I imagine it's just
   a matter of time before this trickles down even to budget phones.
   [INS: :INS]

   Samsung is likely to argue that removing the jack creates precious
   volume for more battery capacity, though there are also benefits in
   terms of reducing design complexity and increasing ingress resistance
   from dust and liquids (Samsung's latest offering, the Galaxy S10, still
   gets an IP68 rating even with a headphone jack). The same argument
   likely applies to the buttons, which are another potential failure
   point that could theoretically be eliminated. One of the lesser-known
   upsides to removing those keys is removing their cutouts, which tend to
   be the weakest points in the unibody aluminum frames most premium
   phones are constructed from. This could possibly allow Samsung to
   create a thinner, lighter phone design without compromising on
   structural rigidity.

   Our source confirms existing rumors about multiple models of the phone,
   with two sizes anticipated to be available - one larger, one smaller
   (though "small" is only by Note standards).

   If history is any indicator, we can expect Samsung to announce this
   phone mid-summer, likely in August.
   Update 1: 2019/06/20 7:34am PDT by David Ruddock

   We've received new information from a reliable source indicating
   Samsung has, in fact, halted plans to debut pressure-sensitive "faux"
   buttons on the Galaxy Note10. The phone will have traditional physical
   power and volume keys (but no Bixby key). While we're not sure why the
   company changed course—and we can confirm that was the case, Samsung
   did seriously plan to get rid of them—it seems for whatever reason that
   Samsung decided the world wasn't ready for its take on HTC's phony
   buttons.
   End of Update
     * Tags
     * galaxy note 10 headphone jack
     * Galaxy Note10

   subscribe
   [INS: :INS]
   ...

Previous Story

[Update: Official release June 26] Human: Fall Flat is coming to Android
thanks to a ...

   ...

Next Story

YouTube considers moving all children’s content exclusively to its Kids app
due to FTC ...

Trending

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019

   [INS: :INS]

Comments

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     *
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 18
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FMoto-one-action-hero-1.png&w=60&
            h=60]

The Motorola One Action gives the Moto G a run for its money
            2019/09/12 8:53am PDTSep 12, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 29
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAdidas-Running-hero.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Runtastic becomes Adidas Running four years after acquisition
            2019/09/25 6:45am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   154 queries | 0.512s | hive Original page cache stats:
   154 queries | 0.512s | hive
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.476s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

Spelling error report

The following text will be sent to our editors:

Your comment (optional):


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Send Cancel

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Google is permanently nerfing all Home
   Minis because mine spied on everything I said 24/7 [Update x2] Comments
   Feed alternate alternate

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   326

Google is permanently nerfing all Home Minis because mine spied on everything
I said 24/7 [Update x2]

   Artem Russakovskii
   Follow View All Posts
   2017/10/10 2:21pm PDTOct 10, 2017
     * Exclusives
     * Google
     * Google Home
     * Google Home Mini
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2017%2F10%2Fnexus2cee_google-home-mini-charcoal2.jpg&w=728]
   [INS: :INS]
     * Update 1: 2017/10/10 5:31pm PDT
       Google has just published a support page to address the reported
       issue. The company assures pre-order customers that their units
       won't be affected, and the defect should be limited to
     * Update 2: 2017/10/11 5:28pm PDT
       Google has decided to permanently remove all top touch
       functionality. The company sent us the following statement: We take
       user privacy and product quality concerns very seriously. Although
       we only received

   Article Contents
     * 1 So what happened?
          + 1.1 Wednesday, October 4th
          + 1.2 Friday, October 6th
          + 1.3 Friday, October 6th - 4:22pm
          + 1.4 Friday, October 6th - 4:32pm
          + 1.5 Friday, October 6th - 5:58pm
          + 1.6 Friday, October 6th - 7:00pm
          + 1.7 Saturday, October 7th
          + 1.8 Sunday, October 8th
          + 1.9 Monday, October 9
          + 1.10 Tuesday, October 10
     * 2 Conclusion

   When the first home assistants were announced, I was excited. A device
   I could wake up with a simple hotword that would answer my questions,
   set reminders, turn on the TV, and dim the lights, all without me
   having to get off the couch, sounded fantastic. Amazon's Echo and Echo
   Dot, Google's Home, and a myriad others, most recently the Home Mini,
   have invaded our kitchens, living rooms, and bedrooms. Heck, I put one
   in the bathroom.

   Without fail, every time a new listening device comes to market, some
   tinfoil hat-wearer points out how perfect they would be as modern-day
   Trojan horses for any of the three-letter acronym organizations - NSA,
   CIA, FBI - you name it. Manufacturers, on their part, assure us their
   devices are perfectly safe and only listen when prompted. We brush the
   concerns off and move on with our lives, but not before granting our
   smart pineapples (did you know "pineapple" is the codename for Google
   Home?) access to the smart rice maker, smart vacuum, and smart
   toothbrush.

   I didn't give too much thought to these privacy concerns because they
   all sounded theoretical and unlikely. My four Google Homes and three
   Echos sat quietly on their respective desks and counters, and only
   turned on when one of three things happened:
   [INS: :INS]
    1. I called out a hotword (Alexa for Echos and Hey or OK Google for
       Homes).
    2. A video I was watching or podcast I was listening to did this (I'm
       looking at you, Marques!)
    3. They heard a noise or word that they thought sounded like a hotword
       but in reality was not. This happened once or twice every few days.

   That is until last week, when a 4th case came along - 24/7 recording,
   transmission to Google's servers, and storing on them of pretty much
   everything going on around my Home Mini, which I had just received at
   the Made by Google October 4th launch event.
   Before I describe exactly what happened and how I discovered this
   pretty incredible violation of privacy, I'd like to point out that it
   ended up being a hardware defect in my Home Mini as well as an
   unspecified small number of others. Google never intended for it to
   happen and has reacted incredibly swiftly to rectify the situation.

So what happened?

Wednesday, October 4th

   I went to the Google launch event in San Francisco that I'm sure many
   of you watched closely. In addition to the two new Pixels, the
   Pixelbook, Pixel Buds, and Google Clips, Google introduced the Home
   Mini, a tiny $50 version of the Home we'd expected for several months.
   Everyone in attendance got to take one home, and having run out of
   rooms to put it in, I stuck mine in the bathroom. Before you go raising
   your eyebrows, this is a room I spend a considerable amount of time in,
   listening to podcasts, music, and asking Google random questions when I
   get ready for the day in the morning.

   Several days passed without me noticing anything wrong. In the
   meantime, as it turns out, the Mini was behaving very differently from
   all the other Homes and Echos in my home - it was waking up thousands
   of times a day, recording, then sending those recordings to Google. All
   of this was done quietly, with only the four lights on the unit I
   wasn't looking at flashing on and then off.

   In the meantime, Android Police, along with numerous other
   publications, gave the Mini glowing reviews. Their units were fine.
   Mine, however, was not (#artemsluck as usual).
   [INS: :INS]

Friday, October 6th

   I turned on a TV located not too far from the Mini and attempted to
   watch a show. I say "attempted" because during the first 10 minutes,
   the Mini turned itself on several times a minute, listened to whatever
   was on the TV, and attempted to respond, usually by saying it did not
   understand. At some point, it even somehow managed to take over my
   Spotify stream that was playing in the office and switched it to the
   bathroom:

   At this point, I was ready to chuck the Mini at a wall and yell at
   David for not noticing the very obvious sensitivity issue that was
   dialed up past 11 all the way to 111.

   Having freshly discovered the day prior that Google's My Activity
   portal on the web contained an Assistant-specific section, I opened it
   up, and my jaw dropped. I saw thousands of items, each with a Play
   button and a timestamp, all attributed to the cryptically named
   com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod and Assistant. See for
   yourself:

   [nexus2cee_my-activity-329x521.png]

   At this point, I remembered chirp was the codename for the Google Home
   ecosystem and realized mushroom likely referred to the Mini, since the
   regular Home is pineapple. After listening to a dozen audio clips that
   looked something like this...

   [nexus2cee_my-activity-item-details-329x323.png]

   ... I went back to the bathroom to take a closer look at the
   mischievous Mini. Was I grossly misunderstanding how Assistant works or
   was there something seriously wrong?
   [INS: :INS]
   Yes, everything you tell your Assistant is recorded and stored on
   Google's servers unless you explicitly disable it in My Activity, which
   will adversely affect the accuracy of recognition.

   [nexus2cee_voice-and-audio-activity-329x198.png]

   I turned on a nearby TV and started recording. Here's what I saw:

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/0hQPv6lyFtM?feature=oembed

   Just to clarify, the audio is not coming out of the speaker next to the
   Home Mini, but from a TV speaker a few feet away.

   As you can see, the Home Mini quietly turns on, flashes its lights,
   then shuts off after recording every sound. When the volume increases,
   it actually attempts to respond to random queries. I was even able to
   get it to turn on just by knocking on the wall.

Friday, October 6th - 4:22pm

   At this point, I realized the seriousness of the situation and
   contacted Google PR. I described the issue, added "urgent" to the
   subject, and sent it off, not expecting a response until Monday at
   best.

     Hi,

     Please forward this to the Google Home team for a response. We are
     working on a story and will publish in the next day or so. I just
     discovered the issue and based on my understanding, it's quite a
     serious violation of privacy, specific to the Google Home
     Mini. Could you please confirm that the Mini's codename is
     "mushroom"?

     Here's an example screenshot from the Google My Activity page,
     filtered by Assistant. As you can see, there are thousands of
     triggers that record, transmit, and save the audio snippets on
     Google's servers. All of them say they were triggered by a hotword.
     It's obviously not true. I also noticed the Home Mini is extremely
     sensitive to nearby sounds (TV, speech, etc.) and has a lot of false
     positives, including ones that result in an audible response
     (usually that it didn't understand what was asked).

     <SNIPPED IMAGE>

     Now here's the kicker - based on Google My Activity, the onslaught
     of thousands of transmitted and saved Assistant-related audio
     queries started on the day the Home Mini was set up (October 4). The
     mention of "com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod" does not
     appear before then either, all pointing to the Home Mini being the
     culprit and not the larger Homes, Android TVs, or phones.

     Needless to say, if a listening device records almost every minute
     of every day and stores it remotely, we're talking about a huge
     privacy violation. Does Google have a comment about this?

     Thank you.

     Sincerely,
     Artem

Friday, October 6th - 4:32pm

   To my surprise, the first reply came in 10 minutes later. They were
   looking into it. I replied with a few more details.

Friday, October 6th - 5:58pm

   Google assured me that this was the first time they've heard of this
   issue and were really interested in swapping out my unit to examine it.
   [INS: :INS]

Friday, October 6th - 7:00pm

   Google PR was on the way to my house to pick it up. Mind you, we're
   talking about a Friday night here. That's dedication! I wasn't home at
   the time, but by 9pm, the exchange was made. In fact, I was left with
   two replacement Google Home Minis for my trouble. I'm on to you,
   Google! (/s)

   An engineer was driving up to Oakland to examine it that very night. It
   was clear how seriously they were treating the situation.

Saturday, October 7th

   The next day, Google sent me its initial assessment that I will quote
   here:

     We have learned of an issue impacting a small number of Google Home
     Minis that could cause the touch mechanism to behave incorrectly. We
     are rolling out a software update today that should address the
     issue. If you're having any additional issues, please feel free to
     contact Google Support at 1-855-971-9121.

   I asked for some clarifications and gave them more time.

Sunday, October 8th

   Further clarifications arrived. The Google Home Mini supports hotword
   activation through a long press on the touch panel. This method allows
   people to activate the Google Assistant without saying the hotword. On
   a very small number of Google Home Mini devices, Google is seeing the
   touch panel register “phantom” touch events.

   In response, the updated software disables the long press to activate
   the Google Assistant feature. Once the Google Home Mini devices receive
   the updated software, all long press events (real or phantom) will be
   ignored and Google Assistant will not be invoked accidentally.

   The company also let me know that they're in the process of building a
   long-term fix, whatever it may be. It's too early to say if they're
   going to be able to deal with "phantom" touch events entirely in
   software or if a recall for affected units will be in order.

Monday, October 9

   I followed up with some more questions.
   [INS: :INS]

Tuesday, October 10

   The firmware I was originally running was 1.28.99351. Google says the
   new firmware is 1.28.100122, and the rollout has already been
   completed.

   You can also see that the online Home Mini documentation has been
   updated to reflect the above:

   [nexus2cee_image-7.png]

Conclusion

   So there you have it. Don't be surprised that the long-press to
   activate Assistant functionality, described in many reviews, isn't
   working. My Google Home Mini was inadvertently spying on me 24/7 due to
   a hardware flaw. Google nerfed all Home Minis by disabling the
   long-press in response, and is now looking into a long-term solution.

   I'd like to once again commend the company's reaction to my report and
   the speed at which they issued the OTA that dealt with the problem
   right away, giving them time to look for a proper fix.
   Update 1: 2017/10/10 5:31pm PDT

   Google has just published a support page to address the reported issue.
   The company assures pre-order customers that their units won't be
   affected, and the defect should be limited to the batches given out at
   Made by Google events, which presumably includes 4,000 Home Minis
   distributed at the donut pop-up events as well as the ones from the
   October 4th press event.

   Additionally, Google has removed all existing activity generated by
   long pressing the top of a Mini from their servers.

   It's still unclear at this point what the fate of the long-press
   feature is in the long term.

     [Fixed issue] Google Home Mini touch controls behaving incorrectly

   The Google Home team is aware of an issue impacting a small number of
   Google Home Mini devices that could cause the touch control mechanism
   to behave incorrectly. We immediately rolled out a software update on
   October 7 to mitigate the issue.

   Who is affected: People who received an early release Google Home Mini
   device at recent Made by Google events. Pre-ordered Google Home
   Mini purchases aren’t affected.

   My Activity: We take user privacy very seriously. We've removed any
   activity/queries that were created by long pressing the top of a Google
   Home Mini between October 4 and October 7, when the software update was
   rolled out. That information will no longer be listed on your My
   Activity page. You can also always go to your My Activity page and
   delete any past activity from your account.

   Next steps: If you're still having issues, please contact Google Home
   Support at 1-855-971-9121 to get a replacement Google Home Mini.

   End of Update
   Update 2: 2017/10/11 5:28pm PDT

   Google has decided to permanently remove all top touch functionality.
   The company sent us the following statement:

     We take user privacy and product quality concerns very seriously.
     Although we only received a few reports of this issue, we want
     people to have complete peace of mind while using Google Home Mini.

     We have made the decision to permanently remove all top touch
     functionality on the Google Home Mini. As before, the best way to
     control and activate Google Home Mini is through voice, by saying
     “Ok Google” or “Hey Google,” which is already how most people engage
     with our Google Home products. You can still adjust the volume by
     using the touch control on the side of the device.

   Note that it's not just the long-press to activate Assistant that's
   getting permanently canned, but also the single-tap functionality to
   play, pause, and stop alarms/timers. The support page has now been
   reflected accordingly:

     Top touch functionality

     We've decided to permanently remove all top touch
     functionality on Google Home Mini. We made this decision to avoid
     any confusion and give you complete peace of mind while using your
     Mini. The update will be completely rolled out by end of day October
     15, 2017.

     The good news is you get the same functionality using your voice.
     * Say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google" instead of pressing and holding the
       top of Mini to start a request.
     * Say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google <pause/play/stop>" instead of
       tapping the top of Mini to control music, alarms, and timers.

     Volume control

     Mini's volume controls haven't changed. You can still control volume
     by side touch and voice.

   End of Update
     * Tags
     * CIA
     * Google
     * google home
     * google home mini
     * home mini
     * hotword
     * my activity
     * NSA
     * OK Google
     * phantom
     * recording
     * spying
     * video

   subscribe
   [INS: :INS]
   ...

Previous Story

August Home’s $199 Doorbell Cam Pro is now shipping

   ...

Next Story

5000+ Wells Fargo ATMs now have NFC, can be signed into with Android Pay

Trending

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019

   [INS: :INS]

Comments

   [INS: :INS]

     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     *
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     *
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 18
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FMoto-one-action-hero-1.png&w=60&
            h=60]

The Motorola One Action gives the Moto G a run for its money
            2019/09/12 8:53am PDTSep 12, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 28
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAdidas-Running-hero.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Runtastic becomes Adidas Running four years after acquisition
            2019/09/25 6:45am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 170
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 79
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 12
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 109
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FMario_Kart_Tour.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Mario Kart Tour finally arrives on Android, and it’s easily the worst game in
the series
       2019/09/25 6:11am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 28
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 170
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   156 queries | 0.878s | citadel Original page cache stats:
   156 queries | 0.878s | citadel
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.182s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

Spelling error report

The following text will be sent to our editors:

Your comment (optional):


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Send Cancel

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher next Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps,
   games, phones, tablets » Comments Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   0

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector

   Rita El Khoury
   2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Android TV
     * News
     * Other Reviews
     * Reviews

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=728]

   Until recently, most portable projectors either ran no software at all,
   relying on HDMI and USB for input, or offered a regular version of
   Android that wasn't suited for TVs or navigation with a remote. Then
   Anker's Nebula Capsule II launched with Android TV and the game changed
   drastically. It was the first projector to provide a seamless
   experience thanks to an optimized interface made specifically for TVs
   and official access to the Play Store.

   XGIMI, a projector maker, is now dipping its toes in the same market
   with the new MoGo. With Android TV, Google Assistant, Harman Kardon
   audio, 210 ANSI Lumens, and an appealing price tag, the MoGo has
   everything going for it, but you should keep an eye open for a few
   quirks.
   Read More

   36

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year

   Matthew Sholtz
   2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Games
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444992_n.pn
   g&w=728]

   Black Desert Mobile is an MMORPG that's already available on Android,
   though you can only download it off the Play Store if you live in Korea
   or Japan. Now that the developer Pearl Abyss has had some time to iron
   out a few kinks and find some success in the regions the game was
   launched, the studio has announced on Facebook that a global release
   will happen this year, which means an English version is expected to
   land on the Play Store sometime in the next eight months.
   Read More

   2

The AT&T Moto G6 Play is finally getting Android 9 Pie

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 6:15am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Moto G6 Play
     * Motorola
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2018%2F04%2Fg6-play-hero.png&w=728]

   Even though Motorola can't be credited for updating its devices with
   the same speed and consistency as Nokia, OnePlus, or Essential, at
   least one new OS versions generally hits their devices, eventually. One
   such instance is last year's Moto G6 Play — while other US variants of
   the phone have already had the Android 9 Pie update since April, AT&T
   is finally getting round to rolling it out.
   Read More

   2

Verizon LG V40 ThinQ gets native screen recording and secure power-off in
latest update

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 6:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * LG
     * News
     * V40 ThinQ
     * Verizon Wireless

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2018%2F10%2FDSC00511.jpg&w=728]

   The LG V40 ThinQ only recently received Android 9 Pie on all US
   carriers, but it's already time for another minor update, hitting the
   Verizon variant first. It includes some security patches, a native
   screen recording app, and a secure power-off feature.
   Read More

   1

Ring Fetch will track your dog using Amazon's new low-energy IoT protocol

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 5:37am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Famazon-sidewalk.png&w=728]

   Amazon announced a slew of new devices and "motherfucking" Echo
   features during its September event, but it also offered a glimpse at a
   new concept called Amazon Sidewalk, a low-energy networking standard
   for IoT devices outside your home. This might be useful to geofence
   your dog or to monitor your plants' water requirements.
   Read More

   8

You can now apply for a job through Alexa or Google Assistant, as long as
it's at McDonald's

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 5:30am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Alexa
     * Amazon
     * Google
     * Google Assistant
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fmcdonalds-apply-thru.png&w=728]

   Voice assistants generally make our lives easier. With the right setup,
   we don't have to get up from the couch to turn on the light or the TV.
   It's even possible to order food without actually having to call a
   place. Another absolute killer feature is joining these skills' ranks:
   You can now apply for a job at McDonald's through Google's and Amazon's
   assistants thanks to the restaurant's own "Apply Thru" skill.
   Read More

   2

Skyrim and other demanding Oculus Rift titles are coming to the cheaper Quest

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/26 4:22am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Facebook
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2F58264736_414572955987445_3234320754271059968_n.png
   &w=728]

   The VR hype train has slowed down considerably over the last couple of
   years, but that doesn't stop companies invested in the technology from
   iterating on their products. The same is true for Facebook, which
   announced a number of significant improvements to its VR division
   during its annual Oculus event on Wednesday, making advanced virtual
   reality experiences more accessible at lower prices. Among a plethora
   of changes to the platform, you can now let the Oculus Quest track your
   hands without additional hardware and connect it to a computer via USB,
   allowing you to get some of the full Rift VR experience.
   Read More

   6

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)

   Hagop Kavafian
   2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Anker
     * Deals
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=728]

   Power banks are particularly convenient when your battery is running
   low while you're on the go, but what if you carry several devices and
   need to charge them all at once? Anker's PowerCore+ 26800 PD has got
   your back, as it can charge up to three devices simultaneously,
   including your tablet and laptop. The product has dropped to $68 on
   Amazon, which is its lowest price ever, $62 off the original one.
   Read More

The Best Of AP

   234

Google Fi's new "unlimited" plan is an admission of defeat for the upstart
MVNO

   214

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle

   105

[Update: Rolling out again] Google app getting full dark mode for Search,
Assistant, and in-app Discover feed [APK Download]

   153

Another Pixel 4 hands-on gives us a glimpse of face unlock and new camera
settings

   15

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Ring
     * Security
     * Security Cameras
     * Smart Home

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=728]

   Amazon has made a busy day for the consuming public: we've just parsed
   our way through the Echo speakers, the smart oven, other smart
   ephemera, and a raft of booster shots to Alexa. Now, we're covering the
   Amazon subsidiaries that have products coming out this fall. For eero,
   it has revamped its mesh Wi-Fi base station while Ring has a pair of
   cameras and a bridge between its Alarm hub and older alarm systems.
   Both are putting price pressure on their respective marketplaces.
   Read More

   24

Google extends support lifespan for seven Lenovo Chromebooks to 2025

   David Oh
   2019/09/25 3:45pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Chrome OS
     * Chromebooks
     * Flex 11 Chromebook
     * Lenovo
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Flenovo-c330-hero.png&w=728]

   Google Chromebooks, just like smartphones, need access to OS updates to
   stay secure and up-to-date on the latest features. But also just like
   phones, they only get updates for so long — something we've made sure
   to warn you about when shopping for a Chromebook, lest you get stuck
   with a model whose support lifespan is about to run out. Now one group
   of devices is getting an unexpected reprieve, as Google extends updates
   for certain Lenovo Chromebooks through June of 2025.
   Read More
   Page 1 of 4,59012345...10...Next›Last»

   [INS: :INS]

     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     *
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + No. (54%, 4,588 Votes)
          + Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
            (34%, 2,852 Votes)
          + Yes, I could give them up. (10%, 822 Votes)
          + I don't know. (2%, 164 Votes)
       Total Voters: 8,426
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   187 queries | 0.672s | citadel Original page cache stats:
   187 queries | 0.672s | citadel
   This request stats:
   187 queries | 0.680s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. |
   © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher prev next Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps,
   games, phones, tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Comments Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   21

Amazon debuts new Echo Show 8 smart display, noise-reducing earbuds, and more

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 3:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Alexa
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Smart Home

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Famazon-echo-devices-2019.png&w=728]

   When it comes to selling what it makes, Amazon's Echo speakers are the
   company's bread and butter. But those speakers were, at one point,
   experiments and they've had their time to grow — just as much as that
   AmazonBasics microwave turned into a smart oven, but whatevs. So, we're
   here to talk about the new Echo Show smart display, wireless earbuds, a
   lamp, a pair of sort-of-smart glasses and a sort-of-smart ring.
   Read More

   25

Alexa, start a house fire: Amazon reveals its new Smart Oven

   Corbin Davenport
   2019/09/25 2:58pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2F615GXG3lV2L._AC_SL1000_.jpg&w=728]

   One of my favorite attractions in Walt Disney World is the 'Carousel of
   Progress,' a show initially created by Walt Disney himself to show how
   technology has changed families' lives over the last 100 or so years.
   The final 'future' scene (it's a bit outdated now) depicts a father
   using a voice-controlled oven, but as he repeats the increasing scores
   from a nearby video game, the oven continuously raises the temperature
   until it catches a turkey on fire. At long last, this is finally a
   reality, as Amazon has revealed an Alexa-controlled smart oven.
   Read More

   12

Amazon announces new Echo, high-end Echo Studio, and more speakers

   Corbin Davenport
   2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fd39w7f4ix9f5s9.cloudfront.net_.jpg&w=728]

   Reports indicated that Amazon would announce a new premium Echo speaker
   today. That did turn out to be true, but there were also a lot of other
   new speakers.
   Read More

   81

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event

   Zach Laidlaw
   2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Leaks
     * News
     * OnePlus
     * OnePlus 7T
     * OnePlus 7T Pro

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=728]

   We shared a 3D model of the OnePlus 7T's chassis in August and
   graduated to official renders in September, compliments of OnePlus CEO,
   Pete Lau. Today, on the eve of the launch event, we now have a detailed
   view of these devices in the flesh, and the results are remarkably
   similar to what we've already seen.
   Read More

   34

Anker announces six new sets of Soundcore Bluetooth earbuds: Liberty 2/2
Pro/Air 2 and Spirit 2/Dot 2/X2

   Ryan Whitwam
   2019/09/25 1:30pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Anker
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FA3909_Lifestyle-image-5.jpg&w=728]

   You might associate Anker primarily with charging accessories, but it's
   been making a go of Bluetooth audio with its Soundcore devices. Today,
   the company has announced six new products under the Soundcore brand,
   including the premium Liberty 2 Pro true wireless earbuds and the
   budget-conscious Spirit 2 earbuds.
   Read More

   5

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday

   Jordan Palmer
   2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Applications
     * Deals
     * Games
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=728]

   Welcome to another round of app sales. We're halfway through
   September's final week. It's a small list today, so be sure to pop by
   Monday's roundup (where there was a lot more to be had) if you're
   hungry for more. I'll see you on Friday.
   Read More

   0

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more

   Taylor Kerns
   2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Deals
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.jpg&w=728]

   We're officially into fall, if you can believe it. Is it too early to
   start shopping for stocking stuffers? We've got plenty of good
   candidates this week, including Amazon's Echo Wall Clock (I don't know
   how big your stockings are), a pocket-friendly power bank from Anker,
   and a bunch of accessories by Aukey.
   Read More

   40

My Echo is the one that says 'Bad Motherfucker:' Samuel L. Jackson will be an
Alexa voice

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 12:42pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Alexa
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Ring
     * Security

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fsamuel-l-jackson-alexa.png&w=728]

   Amazon just reported that Alexa is now available on over 85,000
   devices, a 41% spike from May, from 9,500 brands — up another 28.3%
   from four months ago. With those kinds of numbers, it is paramount that
   more thought be put into a user's sense of privacy and security when
   they own an Alexa product. Today, the company announced a number of
   improvements, features, and skills it has worked towards in the past
   year with some new features available from today — notably including
   the coming addition of Samuel L. Jackson as a voice for Alexa.
   Read More

The Best Of AP

   234

Google Fi's new "unlimited" plan is an admission of defeat for the upstart
MVNO

   105

[Update: Rolling out again] Google app getting full dark mode for Search,
Assistant, and in-app Discover feed [APK Download]

   153

Another Pixel 4 hands-on gives us a glimpse of face unlock and new camera
settings

   10

Ring's new lightweight app lets you instantly access your cameras

   26

OnePlus CEO gives us our first good look at the forthcoming OnePlus TV

   Zach Laidlaw
   2019/09/25 12:20pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Android TV
     * News
     * OnePlus

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-TV.jpg&w=728]

   Rumors and reports about the upcoming OnePlus smart television have
   been rolling across our desks since the company first confirmed its
   plans a year ago. Since then we've learned about some hardware features
   to expect, and saw the official OnePlus TV name confirmed, and now we
   finally have our first real look at the TV itself.
   Read More

   15

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners

   Cody Toombs
   2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Accessories
     * Mobile Accessory Reviews
     * News
     * Reviews
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=728]

   Whether you're preparing for a trip across the world or just getting
   together a few essentials for a hike, it can be difficult to find space
   for everything that will come with you. If something is too big, it's
   staying at home. That's where most smartphone gimbals tend to fail the
   test: long handles and awkward shapes make them terrible to pack and
   annoying to carry. Zhiyun, a company highly regarded for its DSLR and
   smartphone gimbals, is preparing to release a new model called the
   Smooth-Q2 that's more compact than any smartphone gimbal on the market.
   Aside from a few basic sacrifices, it's a great little tool to really
   improve the quality of your videos.
   Read More
   Page 2 of 4,590‹Prev12345...10...Next›Last»

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     *
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   182 queries | 0.631s | hive Original page cache stats:
   182 queries | 0.631s | hive
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.200s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Search Results for
   “{search_term_string}” Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   We found 0 results for '{search_term_string}'

Sort by:

   Relevance time Comments

   Sorry, no posts matched your criteria.

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   116 queries | 4.797s | nexus2 Original page cache stats:
   116 queries | 4.797s | nexus2
   This request stats:
   116 queries | 4.810s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » [Update: Buttons aren't dead] The Galaxy
   Note 10 won't have a headphone jack or physical volume and power keys
   (rumor) Comments Feed alternate alternate

Tip Us

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

Android Police

     *
     *
     * ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   {{567287}} 223

[Update: Buttons aren't dead] The Galaxy Note 10 won't have a headphone jack
or physical volume and power keys (rumor)

   David Ruddock
   2019/06/20 7:17am PDT2019/06/20 7:17am PDT
   View non-AMP version at androidpolice.com
     * News
     * Rumors
     * Samsung

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F05%2FLRM_EXPORT_20180815_172334_1.jpg&amp;w=728&amp;up=
   0]
     * Update 1: 2019/06/20 7:34am PDT
       We've received new information from a reliable source indicating
       Samsung has, in fact, halted plans to debut pressure-sensitive
       "faux" buttons on the Galaxy Note10. The phone will have
       traditional physical

   Speaking to a source familiar with the company's plans, Android Police
   has learned that Samsung will likely begin its wind-down of the
   headphone jack - and even physical keys for functions like volume and
   power - with the Galaxy Note 10. The Note 10 will have no 3.5mm
   connector, and exterior buttons (power, volume, Bixby) will be replaced
   by capacitive or pressure-sensitive areas, likely highlighted by some
   kind of raised 'bump' and/or texture along the edge (i.e., a faux
   button). We don't know if it's Samsung's intent to carry over both of
   these changes to the Galaxy S11 in 2020.

   Both changes had been previously rumored, but we can now provide
   stronger confirmation.

   The Note line has always been fertile ground for Samsung's more
   forward-looking changes to its smartphones' industrial design and
   general philosophy, as it's a phone that's long been adored by some of
   Samsung's most ardent fans - the sort of people who tend to be early
   adopters of new technology.

   Removing the headphone jack would almost certainly result in
   excoriation from some of those fans, who have long held that Samsung's
   steadfast adherence to the 3.5mm jack is one of their big reasons for
   sticking with the brand. But in 2019, Samsung virtually stands alone in
   the high-end phone space in this regard. Google, OnePlus, Huawei, and
   Apple have all abandoned the headphone jack on their premium devices.
   Even many budget phonemakers have started to purge it: Xiaomi's Mi 9,
   Honor's 20 Pro, and Oppo's Reno all lack the familiar connector. It
   really does appear to be fully on the way out, and I imagine it's just
   a matter of time before this trickles down even to budget phones.

   Samsung is likely to argue that removing the jack creates precious
   volume for more battery capacity, though there are also benefits in
   terms of reducing design complexity and increasing ingress resistance
   from dust and liquids (Samsung's latest offering, the Galaxy S10, still
   gets an IP68 rating even with a headphone jack). The same argument
   likely applies to the buttons, which are another potential failure
   point that could theoretically be eliminated. One of the lesser-known
   upsides to removing those keys is removing their cutouts, which tend to
   be the weakest points in the unibody aluminum frames most premium
   phones are constructed from. This could possibly allow Samsung to
   create a thinner, lighter phone design without compromising on
   structural rigidity.

   Our source confirms existing rumors about multiple models of the phone,
   with two sizes anticipated to be available - one larger, one smaller
   (though "small" is only by Note standards).

   If history is any indicator, we can expect Samsung to announce this
   phone mid-summer, likely in August.
   Update 1: 2019/06/20 7:34am PDT by David Ruddock

   We've received new information from a reliable source indicating
   Samsung has, in fact, halted plans to debut pressure-sensitive "faux"
   buttons on the Galaxy Note10. The phone will have traditional physical
   power and volume keys (but no Bixby key). While we're not sure why the
   company changed course—and we can confirm that was the case, Samsung
   did seriously plan to get rid of them—it seems for whatever reason that
   Samsung decided the world wasn't ready for its take on HTC's phony
   buttons.
   End of Update
     * Tags
     * galaxy note 10 headphone jack
     * Galaxy Note10

   Loading ...
   No ad for you
   10

Previous Story

[Update: Official release June 26] Human: Fall Flat is coming to Android
thanks to a ...

   18

Next Story

YouTube considers moving all children’s content exclusively to its Kids app
due to FTC ...

Trending

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&amp;
       w=60&amp;h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT

Comments

   Load comments
   Loading comments...

Follow Android Police

   500k
   307k
   8.14k

Latest Deals

     * 6
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&amp;w=60&amp;
       h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
       2019/09/26 4:02am PDT2019/09/26 4:02am PDT
     * 5
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
       2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT
     * 0
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.jpg&amp;w=6
       0&amp;h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
       2019/09/25 12:46pm PDT2019/09/25 12:46pm PDT
     * 3
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60
       ]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
       2019/09/25 9:49am PDT2019/09/25 9:49am PDT
     * 90
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&amp;w=60&a
       mp;h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
       2019/09/24 12:56am PDT2019/09/24 12:56am PDT

Latest Poll

   Polls are not supported by AMP version of the site.

   Please visit the full site to view this poll.

Recent Reviews

     * 0
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=
       60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
       2019/09/26 7:00am PDT2019/09/26 7:00am PDT
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=6
       0]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
       2019/09/25 11:02am PDT2019/09/25 11:02am PDT
     * 87
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.jpg&amp;w=
       60&amp;h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
       2019/09/23 9:30am PDT2019/09/23 9:30am PDT
     * 26
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&a
       mp;h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
       2019/09/18 10:49am PDT2019/09/18 10:49am PDT
     * 27
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
       2019/09/18 9:00am PDT2019/09/18 9:00am PDT

Latest Roundups

     * 4
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&amp;w=60&am
       p;h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
       2019/09/22 6:44am PDT2019/09/22 6:44am PDT
     * 5
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
       2019/09/21 6:02am PDT2019/09/21 6:02am PDT
     * 24
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
       2019/09/15 7:36am PDT2019/09/15 7:36am PDT
     * 0
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&amp;w=60&am
       p;h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
       2019/09/15 6:01am PDT2019/09/15 6:01am PDT
     * 2
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
       2019/09/14 7:19am PDT2019/09/14 7:19am PDT

Recent Apps and Games

     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDT2019/09/26 6:43am PDT
     * 5
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
       2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
       2019/09/25 9:23am PDT2019/09/25 9:23am PDT
     * 30
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDT2019/09/25 9:08am PDT
     * 3
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
       2019/09/25 8:24am PDT2019/09/25 8:24am PDT

Blast from the Past

     * 42

1 Year Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
       2018/09/26 2:50am PDT2018/09/26 2:50am PDT
     * 35

2 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_Photo_Video
       _-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
       2017/09/26 3:00pm PDT2017/09/26 3:00pm PDT
     * 343

3 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=6
       0]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
       2016/09/26 7:02am PDT2016/09/26 7:02am PDT
     * 86

4 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
       2015/09/26 10:41am PDT2015/09/26 10:41am PDT
     * 95

5 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&amp;w=60&a
       mp;h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
       2014/09/26 2:22am PDT2014/09/26 2:22am PDT
     * 5

6 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.png&amp;w=6
       0&amp;h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
       2013/09/26 6:49pm PDT2013/09/26 6:49pm PDT
     * 12

7 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
       2012/09/26 10:17pm PDT2012/09/26 10:17pm PDT
     * 13

8 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
       2011/09/26 10:40pm PDT2011/09/26 10:40pm PDT
     * 0

9 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
       2010/09/26 4:01pm PDT2010/09/26 4:01pm PDT

What's Hot

   Last 24 Hours
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDT2019/09/25 8:14am PDT
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDT2019/09/26 6:43am PDT
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDT2019/09/25 2:37pm PDT
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDT2019/09/25 4:15pm PDT
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDT2019/09/25 9:08am PDT

   Last 7 Days
     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDT2019/09/24 7:25am PDT
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDT2019/09/23 8:07pm PDT
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDT2019/09/23 3:37pm PDT
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDT2019/09/25 8:14am PDT
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDT2019/09/24 7:45am PDT

   Last 30 Days
     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&amp;
       w=60&amp;h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=6
       0]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDT2019/09/10 9:20am PDT
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDT2019/09/03 8:10am PDT

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   128 queries | 1.267s | nexus2 Original page cache stats:
   128 queries | 1.267s | nexus2
   This request stats:
   226 queries | 1.915s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   It looks like this AMP⚡ page is taking longer than usual to load,
   possibly due to a slow connection or script blocking.

   You can try loading the full site to view the post instead.
   This message will automatically disappear if the page eventually does
   finish loading.

   Illogical Robot LLC logo

We value your privacy

   We and our partners use technology such as cookies on our site to
   personalise content and ads, provide social media features, and analyse
   our traffic. Click below to consent to the use of this technology
   across the web. You can change your mind and change your consent
   choices at anytime by returning to this site.

   Find out more by reading our privacy and cookie policies
   How Google uses information from sites

   (BUTTON) Accept

   Reject

   (BUTTON) Privacy settings
   #publisher Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games, phones,
   tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps, games,
   phones, tablets » Comments Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Google is permanently nerfing all Home
   Minis because mine spied on everything I said 24/7 [Update x2] Comments
   Feed alternate alternate

Tip Us

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

Android Police

     *
     *
     * ____________________ (BUTTON)

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   {{450974}} 326

Google is permanently nerfing all Home Minis because mine spied on everything
I said 24/7 [Update x2]

   Artem Russakovskii
   2017/10/10 2:21pm PDT2017/10/10 2:21pm PDT
   View non-AMP version at androidpolice.com
     * Exclusives
     * Google
     * Google Home
     * Google Home Mini
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2017%2F10%2Fnexus2cee_google-home-mini-charcoal2.jpg&amp;w=128
   0&amp;h=1080&amp;zc=3&amp;up=0]
     * Update 1: 2017/10/10 5:31pm PDT
       Google has just published a support page to address the reported
       issue. The company assures pre-order customers that their units
       won't be affected, and the defect should be limited to
     * Update 2: 2017/10/11 5:28pm PDT
       Google has decided to permanently remove all top touch
       functionality. The company sent us the following statement: We take
       user privacy and product quality concerns very seriously. Although
       we only received

   Article Contents
     * 1 So what happened?
          + 1.1 Wednesday, October 4th
          + 1.2 Friday, October 6th
          + 1.3 Friday, October 6th - 4:22pm
          + 1.4 Friday, October 6th - 4:32pm
          + 1.5 Friday, October 6th - 5:58pm
          + 1.6 Friday, October 6th - 7:00pm
          + 1.7 Saturday, October 7th
          + 1.8 Sunday, October 8th
          + 1.9 Monday, October 9
          + 1.10 Tuesday, October 10
     * 2 Conclusion

   When the first home assistants were announced, I was excited. A device
   I could wake up with a simple hotword that would answer my questions,
   set reminders, turn on the TV, and dim the lights, all without me
   having to get off the couch, sounded fantastic. Amazon's Echo and Echo
   Dot, Google's Home, and a myriad others, most recently the Home Mini,
   have invaded our kitchens, living rooms, and bedrooms. Heck, I put one
   in the bathroom.

   Without fail, every time a new listening device comes to market, some
   tinfoil hat-wearer points out how perfect they would be as modern-day
   Trojan horses for any of the three-letter acronym organizations - NSA,
   CIA, FBI - you name it. Manufacturers, on their part, assure us their
   devices are perfectly safe and only listen when prompted. We brush the
   concerns off and move on with our lives, but not before granting our
   smart pineapples (did you know "pineapple" is the codename for Google
   Home?) access to the smart rice maker, smart vacuum, and smart
   toothbrush.

   I didn't give too much thought to these privacy concerns because they
   all sounded theoretical and unlikely. My four Google Homes and three
   Echos sat quietly on their respective desks and counters, and only
   turned on when one of three things happened:
    1. I called out a hotword (Alexa for Echos and Hey or OK Google for
       Homes).
    2. A video I was watching or podcast I was listening to did this (I'm
       looking at you, Marques!)
    3. They heard a noise or word that they thought sounded like a hotword
       but in reality was not. This happened once or twice every few days.

   That is until last week, when a 4th case came along - 24/7 recording,
   transmission to Google's servers, and storing on them of pretty much
   everything going on around my Home Mini, which I had just received at
   the Made by Google October 4th launch event.
   Before I describe exactly what happened and how I discovered this
   pretty incredible violation of privacy, I'd like to point out that it
   ended up being a hardware defect in my Home Mini as well as an
   unspecified small number of others. Google never intended for it to
   happen and has reacted incredibly swiftly to rectify the situation.

So what happened?

Wednesday, October 4th

   I went to the Google launch event in San Francisco that I'm sure many
   of you watched closely. In addition to the two new Pixels, the
   Pixelbook, Pixel Buds, and Google Clips, Google introduced the Home
   Mini, a tiny $50 version of the Home we'd expected for several months.
   Everyone in attendance got to take one home, and having run out of
   rooms to put it in, I stuck mine in the bathroom. Before you go raising
   your eyebrows, this is a room I spend a considerable amount of time in,
   listening to podcasts, music, and asking Google random questions when I
   get ready for the day in the morning.

   Several days passed without me noticing anything wrong. In the
   meantime, as it turns out, the Mini was behaving very differently from
   all the other Homes and Echos in my home - it was waking up thousands
   of times a day, recording, then sending those recordings to Google. All
   of this was done quietly, with only the four lights on the unit I
   wasn't looking at flashing on and then off.

   In the meantime, Android Police, along with numerous other
   publications, gave the Mini glowing reviews. Their units were fine.
   Mine, however, was not (#artemsluck as usual).

Friday, October 6th

   I turned on a TV located not too far from the Mini and attempted to
   watch a show. I say "attempted" because during the first 10 minutes,
   the Mini turned itself on several times a minute, listened to whatever
   was on the TV, and attempted to respond, usually by saying it did not
   understand. At some point, it even somehow managed to take over my
   Spotify stream that was playing in the office and switched it to the
   bathroom:

   At this point, I was ready to chuck the Mini at a wall and yell at
   David for not noticing the very obvious sensitivity issue that was
   dialed up past 11 all the way to 111.

   Having freshly discovered the day prior that Google's My Activity
   portal on the web contained an Assistant-specific section, I opened it
   up, and my jaw dropped. I saw thousands of items, each with a Play
   button and a timestamp, all attributed to the cryptically named
   com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod and Assistant. See for
   yourself:

   [nexus2cee_my-activity-329x521.png]

   At this point, I remembered chirp was the codename for the Google Home
   ecosystem and realized mushroom likely referred to the Mini, since the
   regular Home is pineapple. After listening to a dozen audio clips that
   looked something like this...

   [nexus2cee_my-activity-item-details-329x323.png]

   ... I went back to the bathroom to take a closer look at the
   mischievous Mini. Was I grossly misunderstanding how Assistant works or
   was there something seriously wrong?
   Yes, everything you tell your Assistant is recorded and stored on
   Google's servers unless you explicitly disable it in My Activity, which
   will adversely affect the accuracy of recognition.

   [nexus2cee_voice-and-audio-activity-329x198.png]

   I turned on a nearby TV and started recording. Here's what I saw:

   Just to clarify, the audio is not coming out of the speaker next to the
   Home Mini, but from a TV speaker a few feet away.

   As you can see, the Home Mini quietly turns on, flashes its lights,
   then shuts off after recording every sound. When the volume increases,
   it actually attempts to respond to random queries. I was even able to
   get it to turn on just by knocking on the wall.

Friday, October 6th - 4:22pm

   At this point, I realized the seriousness of the situation and
   contacted Google PR. I described the issue, added "urgent" to the
   subject, and sent it off, not expecting a response until Monday at
   best.

     Hi,

     Please forward this to the Google Home team for a response. We are
     working on a story and will publish in the next day or so. I just
     discovered the issue and based on my understanding, it's quite a
     serious violation of privacy, specific to the Google Home
     Mini. Could you please confirm that the Mini's codename is
     "mushroom"?

     Here's an example screenshot from the Google My Activity page,
     filtered by Assistant. As you can see, there are thousands of
     triggers that record, transmit, and save the audio snippets on
     Google's servers. All of them say they were triggered by a hotword.
     It's obviously not true. I also noticed the Home Mini is extremely
     sensitive to nearby sounds (TV, speech, etc.) and has a lot of false
     positives, including ones that result in an audible response
     (usually that it didn't understand what was asked).

     <SNIPPED IMAGE>

     Now here's the kicker - based on Google My Activity, the onslaught
     of thousands of transmitted and saved Assistant-related audio
     queries started on the day the Home Mini was set up (October 4). The
     mention of "com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod" does not
     appear before then either, all pointing to the Home Mini being the
     culprit and not the larger Homes, Android TVs, or phones.

     Needless to say, if a listening device records almost every minute
     of every day and stores it remotely, we're talking about a huge
     privacy violation. Does Google have a comment about this?

     Thank you.

     Sincerely,
     Artem

Friday, October 6th - 4:32pm

   To my surprise, the first reply came in 10 minutes later. They were
   looking into it. I replied with a few more details.

Friday, October 6th - 5:58pm

   Google assured me that this was the first time they've heard of this
   issue and were really interested in swapping out my unit to examine it.

Friday, October 6th - 7:00pm

   Google PR was on the way to my house to pick it up. Mind you, we're
   talking about a Friday night here. That's dedication! I wasn't home at
   the time, but by 9pm, the exchange was made. In fact, I was left with
   two replacement Google Home Minis for my trouble. I'm on to you,
   Google! (/s)

   An engineer was driving up to Oakland to examine it that very night. It
   was clear how seriously they were treating the situation.

Saturday, October 7th

   The next day, Google sent me its initial assessment that I will quote
   here:

     We have learned of an issue impacting a small number of Google Home
     Minis that could cause the touch mechanism to behave incorrectly. We
     are rolling out a software update today that should address the
     issue. If you're having any additional issues, please feel free to
     contact Google Support at 1-855-971-9121.

   I asked for some clarifications and gave them more time.

Sunday, October 8th

   Further clarifications arrived. The Google Home Mini supports hotword
   activation through a long press on the touch panel. This method allows
   people to activate the Google Assistant without saying the hotword. On
   a very small number of Google Home Mini devices, Google is seeing the
   touch panel register “phantom” touch events.

   In response, the updated software disables the long press to activate
   the Google Assistant feature. Once the Google Home Mini devices receive
   the updated software, all long press events (real or phantom) will be
   ignored and Google Assistant will not be invoked accidentally.

   The company also let me know that they're in the process of building a
   long-term fix, whatever it may be. It's too early to say if they're
   going to be able to deal with "phantom" touch events entirely in
   software or if a recall for affected units will be in order.

Monday, October 9

   I followed up with some more questions.

Tuesday, October 10

   The firmware I was originally running was 1.28.99351. Google says the
   new firmware is 1.28.100122, and the rollout has already been
   completed.

   You can also see that the online Home Mini documentation has been
   updated to reflect the above:

   [nexus2cee_image-7.png]

Conclusion

   So there you have it. Don't be surprised that the long-press to
   activate Assistant functionality, described in many reviews, isn't
   working. My Google Home Mini was inadvertently spying on me 24/7 due to
   a hardware flaw. Google nerfed all Home Minis by disabling the
   long-press in response, and is now looking into a long-term solution.

   I'd like to once again commend the company's reaction to my report and
   the speed at which they issued the OTA that dealt with the problem
   right away, giving them time to look for a proper fix.
   Update 1: 2017/10/10 5:31pm PDT

   Google has just published a support page to address the reported issue.
   The company assures pre-order customers that their units won't be
   affected, and the defect should be limited to the batches given out at
   Made by Google events, which presumably includes 4,000 Home Minis
   distributed at the donut pop-up events as well as the ones from the
   October 4th press event.

   Additionally, Google has removed all existing activity generated by
   long pressing the top of a Mini from their servers.

   It's still unclear at this point what the fate of the long-press
   feature is in the long term.

     [Fixed issue] Google Home Mini touch controls behaving incorrectly

   The Google Home team is aware of an issue impacting a small number of
   Google Home Mini devices that could cause the touch control mechanism
   to behave incorrectly. We immediately rolled out a software update on
   October 7 to mitigate the issue.

   Who is affected: People who received an early release Google Home Mini
   device at recent Made by Google events. Pre-ordered Google Home
   Mini purchases aren’t affected.

   My Activity: We take user privacy very seriously. We've removed any
   activity/queries that were created by long pressing the top of a Google
   Home Mini between October 4 and October 7, when the software update was
   rolled out. That information will no longer be listed on your My
   Activity page. You can also always go to your My Activity page and
   delete any past activity from your account.

   Next steps: If you're still having issues, please contact Google Home
   Support at 1-855-971-9121 to get a replacement Google Home Mini.

   End of Update
   Update 2: 2017/10/11 5:28pm PDT

   Google has decided to permanently remove all top touch functionality.
   The company sent us the following statement:

     We take user privacy and product quality concerns very seriously.
     Although we only received a few reports of this issue, we want
     people to have complete peace of mind while using Google Home Mini.

     We have made the decision to permanently remove all top touch
     functionality on the Google Home Mini. As before, the best way to
     control and activate Google Home Mini is through voice, by saying
     “Ok Google” or “Hey Google,” which is already how most people engage
     with our Google Home products. You can still adjust the volume by
     using the touch control on the side of the device.

   Note that it's not just the long-press to activate Assistant that's
   getting permanently canned, but also the single-tap functionality to
   play, pause, and stop alarms/timers. The support page has now been
   reflected accordingly:

     Top touch functionality

     We've decided to permanently remove all top touch
     functionality on Google Home Mini. We made this decision to avoid
     any confusion and give you complete peace of mind while using your
     Mini. The update will be completely rolled out by end of day October
     15, 2017.

     The good news is you get the same functionality using your voice.
     * Say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google" instead of pressing and holding the
       top of Mini to start a request.
     * Say "Ok Google" or "Hey Google <pause/play/stop>" instead of
       tapping the top of Mini to control music, alarms, and timers.

     Volume control

     Mini's volume controls haven't changed. You can still control volume
     by side touch and voice.

   End of Update
     * Tags
     * CIA
     * Google
     * google home
     * google home mini
     * home mini
     * hotword
     * my activity
     * NSA
     * OK Google
     * phantom
     * recording
     * spying
     * video

   Loading ...
   No ad for you
   5

Previous Story

August Home’s $199 Doorbell Cam Pro is now shipping

   12

Next Story

5000+ Wells Fargo ATMs now have NFC, can be signed into with Android Pay

Trending

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&amp;
       w=60&amp;h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT

Comments

   Load comments
   Loading comments...

Follow Android Police

   500k
   307k
   8.14k

Latest Deals

     * 6
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&amp;w=60&amp;
       h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
       2019/09/26 4:02am PDT2019/09/26 4:02am PDT
     * 5
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
       2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT
     * 0
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.jpg&amp;w=6
       0&amp;h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
       2019/09/25 12:46pm PDT2019/09/25 12:46pm PDT
     * 3
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60
       ]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
       2019/09/25 9:49am PDT2019/09/25 9:49am PDT
     * 90
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&amp;w=60&a
       mp;h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
       2019/09/24 12:56am PDT2019/09/24 12:56am PDT

Latest Poll

   Polls are not supported by AMP version of the site.

   Please visit the full site to view this poll.

Recent Reviews

     * 0
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=
       60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
       2019/09/26 7:00am PDT2019/09/26 7:00am PDT
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=6
       0]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
       2019/09/25 11:02am PDT2019/09/25 11:02am PDT
     * 87
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.jpg&amp;w=
       60&amp;h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
       2019/09/23 9:30am PDT2019/09/23 9:30am PDT
     * 26
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&a
       mp;h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
       2019/09/18 10:49am PDT2019/09/18 10:49am PDT
     * 27
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
       2019/09/18 9:00am PDT2019/09/18 9:00am PDT

Latest Roundups

     * 4
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&amp;w=60&am
       p;h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
       2019/09/22 6:44am PDT2019/09/22 6:44am PDT
     * 5
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
       2019/09/21 6:02am PDT2019/09/21 6:02am PDT
     * 24
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
       2019/09/15 7:36am PDT2019/09/15 7:36am PDT
     * 0
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&amp;w=60&am
       p;h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
       2019/09/15 6:01am PDT2019/09/15 6:01am PDT
     * 2
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
       2019/09/14 7:19am PDT2019/09/14 7:19am PDT

Recent Apps and Games

     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDT2019/09/26 6:43am PDT
     * 5
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
       2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT2019/09/25 12:59pm PDT
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
       2019/09/25 9:23am PDT2019/09/25 9:23am PDT
     * 30
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDT2019/09/25 9:08am PDT
     * 3
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
       2019/09/25 8:24am PDT2019/09/25 8:24am PDT

Blast from the Past

     * 42

1 Year Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
       2018/09/26 2:50am PDT2018/09/26 2:50am PDT
     * 35

2 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_Photo_Video
       _-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
       2017/09/26 3:00pm PDT2017/09/26 3:00pm PDT
     * 343

3 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=6
       0]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
       2016/09/26 7:02am PDT2016/09/26 7:02am PDT
     * 86

4 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
       2015/09/26 10:41am PDT2015/09/26 10:41am PDT
     * 95

5 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&amp;w=60&a
       mp;h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
       2014/09/26 2:22am PDT2014/09/26 2:22am PDT
     * 5

6 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.png&amp;w=6
       0&amp;h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
       2013/09/26 6:49pm PDT2013/09/26 6:49pm PDT
     * 12

7 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
       2012/09/26 10:17pm PDT2012/09/26 10:17pm PDT
     * 13

8 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
       2011/09/26 10:40pm PDT2011/09/26 10:40pm PDT
     * 0

9 Years Ago Today
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
       2010/09/26 4:01pm PDT2010/09/26 4:01pm PDT

What's Hot

   Last 24 Hours
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDT2019/09/25 8:14am PDT
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDT2019/09/26 6:43am PDT
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDT2019/09/25 2:37pm PDT
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDT2019/09/25 4:15pm PDT
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDT2019/09/25 9:08am PDT

   Last 7 Days
     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDT2019/09/24 7:25am PDT
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDT2019/09/23 8:07pm PDT
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDT2019/09/23 3:37pm PDT
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&amp;w=60
       &amp;h=60]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDT2019/09/25 8:14am PDT
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDT2019/09/24 7:45am PDT

   Last 30 Days
     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&amp;w=60&amp
       ;h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT2019/09/14 5:38pm PDT
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT2019/09/16 2:18pm PDT
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&amp;
       w=60&amp;h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT2019/09/04 1:46pm PDT
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&amp;w=60&amp;h=6
       0]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDT2019/09/10 9:20am PDT
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&amp;w=60&amp;h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDT2019/09/03 8:10am PDT

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   131 queries | 0.979s | hive Original page cache stats:
   131 queries | 0.979s | hive
   This request stats:
   235 queries | 1.671s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   It looks like this AMP⚡ page is taking longer than usual to load,
   possibly due to a slow connection or script blocking.

   You can try loading the full site to view the post instead.
   This message will automatically disappear if the page eventually does
   finish loading.

   Illogical Robot LLC logo

We value your privacy

   We and our partners use technology such as cookies on our site to
   personalise content and ads, provide social media features, and analyse
   our traffic. Click below to consent to the use of this technology
   across the web. You can change your mind and change your consent
   choices at anytime by returning to this site.

   Find out more by reading our privacy and cookie policies
   How Google uses information from sites

   (BUTTON) Accept

   Reject

   (BUTTON) Privacy settings
   #publisher prev next Android Police - Android news, reviews, apps,
   games, phones, tablets » Feed Android Police - Android news, reviews,
   apps, games, phones, tablets » Comments Feed

Tip Us

Android Police

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *
     * ____________________
     * New
       Articles

     * News
          + Latest news
          + Android 10
          + Android 9 Pie
          + Android OS
          + Smartwatches & Wearables
          + Android TV
          + Android Auto
          + Development
       More News...
     * Apps/Games
          + Games
          + Applications
          + Roundups
          + App Reviews
          + Game Reviews
       More Apps/Games...
     * Reviews
          + All reviews
          + Phone Reviews
          + Tablet Reviews
          + Wearable Reviews
          + Other Reviews
       More Reviews...
     * Devices
          + Google
          + Samsung
          + LG
          + Xiaomi
          + Motorola
          + Sony
          + HTC
          + Huawei
       More Devices...
     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   Prev
   Posts in the last
   24 Hours
     * 24 Hours
     * 48 Hours
     * 72 Hours

   sorted by
   Hottest
     * Hottest
     * Latest
     * Comments

   Next

     * Leaks
     * Exclusives
     * Downloads
     * Deals
     * Giveaways
     * Features
     * Editorials
     * Donate
     * Tip Us

   [INS: :INS]

   20

Android 10 Go edition promises fast encryption, faster multi-tasking

   Jules Wang
   2019/09/25 10:13am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Android 10
     * Android Go
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10-go.png&w=728]

   The tech sector loves to talk about how the next billion smartphone
   users will come online. Google has backed one option, the feature
   phone-based KaiOS, as well as putting work into a modified version of
   its platform, Android Go edition. The company has been able to claim
   success with Go as over 80% of entry-level Android phone purchases in
   the last 18 months. Now, Google has given Android 10 its own Go
   edition, hoping to capitalize on recent performance improvements,
   feature additions, and size savings to its apps.
   Read More

   23

Android 9 Pie makes its way to the LG G6 on Verizon and in Europe

   Zach Laidlaw
   2019/09/25 9:58am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * G6
     * LG
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2017%2F06%2Fnexus2cee_lg-g6-plus-hero.png&w=728]

   If there's one aspect of Android that could use improvement, it's the
   software updates. As OEMs and carriers set their sights on rolling out
   Android 10, there are still plenty of older devices haven't even tasted
   a slice of Android 9 Pie. That's why this week's scheduled release of
   Pie for Verizon and European Union users rocking the LG G6 from 2017 is
   something of a minor miracle. That LG Software Upgrade Center is
   finally coming through!
   Read More

   3

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now

   Corbin Davenport
   2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Deals
     * News
     * Sony
     * Xperia 10
     * Xperia 10 Plus

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=728]

   If you've been waiting to snag Sony's ultra-tall mid-range phone, now's
   your chance. The Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off the usual
   prices, bringing the regular 10 down to $300 and the 10 Plus to $375.
   Read More

   15

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release

   Matthew Sholtz
   2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Games
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=728]

   Lock's Quest was originally a Nintendo DS tower defense game released
   in 2008, and it eventually made its way to consoles and PC in 2017.
   This means the game was originally a premium release with an upfront
   price, and a mobile port just arrived on the Play Store for $7.99
   without any in-app purchases or advertisements in tow, retaining the
   title's fair monetization. While reviews are currently mixed on the
   Steam listing, it's still nice to see a new premium port arrive on
   Android.
   Read More

   31

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone

   Ryan Whitwam
   2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Applications
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=728]

   Cloudflare has long focused on internet security and content delivery,
   but it has been leaning into the consumer space lately. It started with
   the 1.1.1.1 DNS app and then announced the WARP VPN service earlier
   this year. However, the waitlist has just been growing ever since.
   Cloudflare says WARP is finally available to everyone starting today.
   Read More

   3

Amazon's Echo Show can now identify objects to assist visually impaired users

   Scott Scrivens
   2019/09/25 8:35am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Amazon
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fmaxresdefault.jpg&w=728]

   To many of us, a simple command such as "Alexa, what am I holding?"
   might seem redundant, but it could be indispensable for blind or
   visually impaired users. To that end, Amazon has introduced a new
   object recognition feature for its Echo Show devices, something Google
   should take note of now it also has a camera-equipped smart display in
   the Nest Hub Max.
   Read More

   3

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game

   Matthew Sholtz
   2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Games
     * News
     * Videos

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=728]

   It would appear that the pre-registration for Shadowgun War Games was
   announced last year, though the title has been missing in action since
   that announcement. Thanks to a recent press release, it would appear
   that Madfinger Games hasn't given up on the title, and is now offering
   a beta sign-up on its website, and while registration is open to
   anyone, only so many slots in the beta will be available, so make sure
   to sign up soon, or else you may miss out.
   Read More

   171

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a

   Zach Laidlaw
   2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Android 10
     * Device Updates
     * News
     * Pixel 3
     * Pixel 3 XL
     * Pixel 3a
     * Pixel 3a XL

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=728]

   Most Google Pixel owners know that Android 10 has been available for
   their devices since early September. Today some of those handsets are
   already being updated, as users with the Pixel 3, 3a, and their XL
   variants have been waking up to notifications that a new Android
   release is already available.
   Read More

The Best Of AP

   153

Another Pixel 4 hands-on gives us a glimpse of face unlock and new camera
settings

   10

Ring's new lightweight app lets you instantly access your cameras

   35

Android 10 no longer uses Chrome app to render in-app web content

   58

[Update: Pixel 4 and others removed] Netflix lists new HD and HDR10 devices,
including Pixel 4 and 4 XL

   8

A Googler built a tool to spot satellites from your backyard - no telescope
required

   Manuel Vonau
   2019/09/25 7:00am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fsatellite-web-app.png&w=728]

   We humans have always loved looking up to the stars, but for a few
   decades, the night sky hasn't only been populated by natural phenomena.
   A plethora of satellites are orbiting our planet, and if you know just
   when to look up, you might even be able to see some flying over your
   head. Google graphics and computer vision engineer James Darpinian has
   developed a web app that helps you identify where to look to spot these
   objects by utilizing Street View and browser notifications as well as
   weather warnings.
   Read More

   3

Runtastic becomes Adidas Running four years after acquisition

   Hagop Kavafian
   2019/09/25 6:45am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * Applications
     * News

   [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content%2Fu
   ploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAdidas-Running-hero.png&w=728]

   There are many fitness tracking apps around to monitor your runs,
   rides, and other workouts. Over the past few years, several of them
   have been acquired by athletic apparel and footwear manufacturers,
   which usually made them part of their overall fitness offering. For
   instance, Under Amour integrated Map My Fitness and Edomondo into its
   portfolio, and Asics did the same with Runkeeper. Adidas also went
   shopping back in 2015, when it bought Runtastic. Two years later, the
   company shut down its miCoach ecosystem, prompting users to migrate to
   the newly acquired service. The German brand now pushed the integration
   further, as it officially renamed Runtastic to Adidas Running.
   Read More
   Page 3 of 4,590‹Prev12345...10...Next›Last»

   [INS: :INS]

     *
     *

Follow Android Police
       500k
       307k
       8.14k
     *
     *

Latest Deals
          + 6
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAnker-PowerCore-26800-PD.png&w=6
            0&h=60]

Anker PowerCore+ 26800mAh PD power bank with USB-C and 30W charger down to
all-time low of $68 ($62 off)
            2019/09/26 4:02am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F05%2FEcho-Wall-Clock-e1558435647543.j
            pg&w=60&h=60]

Midweek deals: $5 off Echo Wall Clock, savings on a pocket-size USB-C power
bank, and more
            2019/09/25 12:46pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fsony-xperia-10-stump.jpg&w=60&h=
            60]

Sony Xperia 10 and 10 Plus are both $50 off ($300 and $375) right now
            2019/09/25 9:49am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 90
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2Fgoogle-one-free-home-mini-3.png&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: More countries] Google offers free Home Mini to One subscribers in
US, Canada
            2019/09/24 12:56am PDTSep 24, 2019
     *
     *

Latest Poll
       Would you buy a phone without Google's apps?
          + (*) Yes, I could give them up.
          + ( ) Yes, but only if I can sideload them/install them myself.
          + ( ) No.
          + ( ) I don't know.
       [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)__________
       View Results
       Loading ...  Loading ...
       Discuss This Poll
     * [INS: :INS]
     *

Recent Reviews
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fxgimi-mogo-hero-review.png&w=60&
            h=60]

XGIMI MoGo review: Another great option for a portable Android TV projector
            2019/09/26 7:00am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzhiyun-smooth-q2-hero.jpg&w=60&h
            =60]

Zhiyun Smooth-Q2 review: A great travel gimbal that's perfect for beginners
            2019/09/25 11:02am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 87
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fasus-rog-phone-2-review-hero-mw.
            jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: US availability] The Asus ROG Phone 2 is a race car that wants to be
your daily driver
            2019/09/23 9:30am PDTSep 23, 2019
          + 26
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fzte-axon-10-pro-review-hero.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

The ZTE Axon 10 Pro snatches defeat from the jaws of victory
            2019/09/18 10:49am PDTSep 18, 2019
          + 27
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FIMG_20190828_145455.jpg&w=60&h=6
            0]

This cheap, rugged Chinese smartphone survived Burning Man
            2019/09/18 9:00am PDTSep 18, 2019
     *

Latest Roundups
          + 4
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

23 best new Android games from the week of September 16, 2019: Downwell,
SimpleRockets 2, and Football Drama
            2019/09/22 6:44am PDTSep 22, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

10 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week
including Twobird, Firefox Preview Nightly for Developers, and BET+(9/14/19 -
9/21/19)
            2019/09/21 6:02am PDTSep 21, 2019
          + 24
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2FFitness-hero-Hagop.png&w=60&h=60
            ]

Use these apps to keep that beach bod through the winter — or get one for
next summer
            2019/09/15 7:36am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 0
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_games-02_thumb-2.png&w
            =60&h=60]

18 best new Android games released this week including This Is the Police 2,
Slender Man Dark Forest, and inbento
            2019/09/15 6:01am PDTSep 15, 2019
          + 2
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F02%2Fnexus2cee_apps-01.png&w=60&h=60]

17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps from the last two weeks including
Automatic Dark Theme for Android 10, Vivaldi Browser Beta, and Disney+
(8/31/19 - 9/14/19)
            2019/09/14 7:19am PDTSep 14, 2019
     *

Recent Apps and Games
          + 36
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_601544
            7558879444992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
            2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
          + 5
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_wednesday_thumb.png&w=
            60&h=60]

13 temporarily free and 20 on-sale apps and games for Wednesday
            2019/09/25 12:59pm PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 15
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FLocks-Quest.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Lock's Quest is the latest tower defense game on the Play Store, and it's a
premium release
            2019/09/25 9:23am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 30
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
            2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019
          + 3
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FShadowgun-War-Games.png&w=60&h=6
            0]

Madfinger is offering a beta sign up for Shadowgun War Games, an upcoming 5v5
battle game
            2019/09/25 8:24am PDTSep 25, 2019
     *

Blast from the Past
          + 42

1 Year Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F09%2FDSC07567.jpg&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Maps Go too] Google Go hits 10 million installs on Play Store - an
indicator of Android Go's success?
            2018/09/26 2:50am PDTSep 26, 2018
          + 35

2 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_BH_Shopping_Cart__BH_P
            hoto_Video_-_Google_Chrom_2017-09-26_17-05-04.png&w=60&h=60]

[Deal Alert] Get a Samsung convertible wireless fast charger for as little as
$49.99 at B&H and Amazon ($40 off)
            2017/09/26 3:00pm PDTSep 26, 2017
          + 343

3 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_Ambrosia-01.png&w=60&h
            =60]

Exclusive: Google is planning a 'Pixel 3' laptop running the 'Andromeda' OS
for release in Q3 2017
            2016/09/26 7:02am PDTSep 26, 2016
          + 86

4 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_gifs.gif&w=60&h=60]

GIFs Will Work Again In Hangouts 5.0
            2015/09/26 10:41am PDTSep 26, 2015
          + 95

5 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F09%2Fnexus2cee_TestThumb-150x150.jpg&
            w=60&h=60]

[Update: Now In The Play Store] Chrome APK Packager Can Turn Nearly Any
Android App Into A Chrome Extension
            2014/09/26 2:22am PDTSep 26, 2014
          + 5

6 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F05%2Fnexusae0_bonusicon_thumb_thumb.p
            ng&w=60&h=60]

[Bonus Round] GA8: Curse Of The Assassin, Pocket Ninjas, Pocket Trains, Deer
Hunter 2014, And Guns'n'Glory Zombies
            2013/09/26 6:49pm PDTSep 26, 2013
          + 12

7 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2012%2F09%2Fnexusae0_bofa.png&w=60&h=60]

Bank Of America Spurns NFC For Image-Based Mobile Payment System, Now In
Testing
            2012/09/26 10:17pm PDTSep 26, 2012
          + 13

8 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2011%2F09%2Fimage172.png&w=60&h=60]

Sprint To Keep Unlimited Data Plans (For Now), Says Chief Technology Officer
Stephen Bye
            2011/09/26 10:40pm PDTSep 26, 2011
          + 0

9 Years Ago Today
            [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-co
            ntent%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F09%2Ftethering1.jpg&w=60&h=60]

T-Mobile G2 Will Not Support Tethering At Launch, But T-Mobile May Add It
Later
            2010/09/26 4:01pm PDTSep 26, 2010

   [INS: :INS]

What's Hot

Last 24 Hours

     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 36
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F03%2F54798156_2232273900127988_6015447558879444
       992_n.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: Pre-reg now available] Pearl Abyss will launch Black Desert Mobile
globally on Android this year
       2019/09/26 6:43am PDTSep 26, 2019
     * 80
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FOnePlus-7T-1.png&w=60&h=60]

OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro press photos leak on the eve of launch event
       2019/09/25 2:37pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 15
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fring-eero-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

Amazon-owned Eero and Ring launch new mesh Wi-Fi station, security cameras at
killer prices
       2019/09/25 4:15pm PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 29
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fwarp.jpg&w=60&h=60]

Cloudflare's WARP VPN is now available to everyone
       2019/09/25 9:08am PDTSep 25, 2019

Last 7 Days

     * 166
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fpixel-xl-pin-lock-screen-loop.gif&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: More details] Pixel lockscreen PIN bug is making phones unusable
       2019/09/24 7:25am PDTSep 24, 2019
     * 61
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgoogle-play-pass-hero-alt-alt.png&w=60&h=6
       0]

Trying out Google Play Pass? Here's what to look out for
       2019/09/23 8:07pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 229
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-4-XL-1.2.png&w=60&h=60]

Pixel 4 XL shows off its curves from every high-res angle
       2019/09/23 3:37pm PDTSep 23, 2019
     * 171
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FAndroid-10-macro-narrow-focus.jpg&w=60&h=6
       0]

[Update: Changelog, OTA] Google's already releasing an Android 10 update for
the Pixel 3 and 3a
       2019/09/25 8:14am PDTSep 25, 2019
     * 133
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fgmail-hero-dark.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: It's official] Gmail's dark mode is rolling out to some users (APK
Download)
       2019/09/24 7:45am PDTSep 24, 2019

Last 30 Days

     * 82
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F08%2Fchrome-notifications-hero.jpg&w=60&h=60]

How to block spam notifications and rogue ads on Android
       2019/09/14 5:38pm PDTSep 14, 2019
     * 108
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2018%2F10%2Fchrome-generic-hero.png&w=60&h=60]

[Update: File size confusion] Clear gigabytes of cached Chrome storage you
probably forgot existed
       2019/09/16 2:18pm PDTSep 16, 2019
     * 107
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fproject-soli-cropped-hero-pixel-4.png&w=60
       &h=60]

Pixel 4 landing page reveals geographical restrictions for Motion Sense
gesture controls
       2019/09/04 1:46pm PDTSep 4, 2019
     * 341
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2FPixel-3-hands-on-back.jpg&w=60&h=60]

On iPhone day, Google's big Pixel phone problem looms large
       2019/09/10 9:20am PDTSep 10, 2019
     * 104
       [ap_resize.php?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidpolice.com%2Fwp-content
       %2Fuploads%2F2019%2F09%2Fandroid-10.png&w=60&h=60]

Android website updated for Android 10
       2019/09/03 8:10am PDTSep 3, 2019

   Notice a bug? Let us know here.
   Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About
   | Advertise | Contact
   180 queries | 0.681s | hive Original page cache stats:
   180 queries | 0.681s | hive
   This request stats:
   37 queries | 0.192s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | ©
   Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2019

   Quantcast

   [p?c1=2&c2=15235859&cv=2.0&cj=1]
