   #Shoryuken » Feed Shoryuken » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   Shoryuken

     * Categories
          + News
          + Strategy
          + Tournaments
          + Interviews
          + Tutorials
          + Discussion
          + Videos
          + Evo
     * Forums
     * WIki
          + Glossary
     * Tournaments
     * Rankings
     * Evo 2019
     * Submit Tip

   [- Select Page -]
   ____________________ SEARCH AND HIT ENTER

Editor's Picks

   View All
   samurai shodown trailer embrace death haohmaru crop
   March 26, 2019

Embrace death! New Samurai Shodown trailer and gameplay footage from PAX East
2019

   DOA6 Screenshot Ayane and Hitomi Crop
   March 20, 2019

Shoryuken review: Dead or Alive 6 holds excellent, accessible gameplay that
keeps true to the series’ identity

   dbfz kid goku gt 1
   March 20, 2019

Kid Goku from Dragon Ball GT is coming to Dragon Ball FighterZ as part of the
FighterZ Pass 2

   street fighter ii animated movie ryu vs sagat opening clip crop
   March 15, 2019

A favorite fighting locale returns to Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition — the
iconic Field of Fate

Latest News

   SCUF Vantage 2 Front Resized

Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for PlayStation 4 and PC

   1 day ago by Austyn "Lazybones2020" Roney No Comments

   Will the Vantage 2 prove to be the definitive competitive controller?
   […]

   sfv_guile_ca_startup

CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The Beast” Umehara shares his
thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and
more

   2 days ago by Marcos "El Cubano Loco" Blanco No Comments

   Daigo “The Beast” Umehara welcomes everyone in the FGC to […]

   HORI Split Pad Pro Review Featured Image

SRK review – The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change how you view the
Nintendo Switch’s handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming Earbuds Pro impressions

   5 days ago by Austyn "Lazybones2020" Roney No Comments

   I don’t think I could ever go back to regular […]

   r mika sfv srk

CYG Interview Series Part Two: Fuudo discusses using Birdie, his biggest
obstacles going into Evo 2019, Season 4 DLC characters, and winning Capcom
Cup 2019

   1 week ago by Marcos "El Cubano Loco" Blanco No Comments

   Fuudo offers his insight on mentality and the new fighters. […]

   Elizabeth-BBTAG-Featured-Image

Celica A. Mercury, Elizabeth, Tohru Adachi, Susanoo, and Hilda to close out
BlazBlue Cross Tag Battle’s 2.0 roster additions

   1 week ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Ultimax characters have finally arrived! Last Saturday was a huge […]

   Street Fighter V Arcade Edition Poison Halloween Costume Crop

Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition Version 04.081 brings new costume bundles,
bug fixes, and a new Online Tournament Mode

   1 week ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Happy Halloween from Street Fighter V! Following last week’s period of
   […]

   battle-for-the-grid-gameplay-trailer

Daniel “Clockwork” Maniago discusses his role in the making of Power Rangers:
Battle for the Grid at Evo 2019

   2 weeks ago by Marcos "El Cubano Loco" Blanco No Comments

   This Marvel vs Capcom pro brings his expertise to the […]

   BlazBlue Cross Tag Battle 2.0 Characters Featured Image Resized

Yumi, Neo Politan, Akatsuki and Blitztank are set for BlazBlue: Cross Tag
Battle Version 2.0; discover the rest of the DLC cast tonight in Arc System
Works’ live stream

   2 weeks ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Who are the remaining five New Challengers?! Last month at Evo […]

   Kage-Asura-Crossover-Costume

New costumes for Poison, E. Honda, and Balrog are now available in Street
Fighter V: Arcade Edition with an Asura’s Wrath Crossover Costume for Kage
arriving later this month

   2 weeks ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   The spooky Union Graveyard stage is also available now! We’re […]

   Janemba-DBFZ-Featured-Image

Catching up with Dragon Ball FighterZ: Janemba available along with Version
1.18, also new gameplay of SSGSS Gogeta, releases on September 26

   3 weeks ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Rooflemonger breaks down some of the quality-of-life changes in the […]

   sfv_akuma_shun_goku_satsu_crop

CYG Interview Series Part One: PR Balrog discusses the current state of SFV:
Arcade Edition, the Capcom Pro Tour, Mortal Kombat 11, and more

   3 weeks ago by Marcos "El Cubano Loco" Blanco No Comments

   The Cygames Beast crew opens up at Evo 2019 Cygames‘ […]

   Cassandra SoulCalibur VI Featured Image Resize

Catching up with SoulCalibur VI – Cassandra now available along with Version
1.50 and 1.51 balance patches

   4 weeks ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Season 2 was also announced, featuring Haohmaru from Samurai Shodown!
   Last […]

   tekken-7-season-3-zafina-leroy-smith

Season 3 of Tekken 7 to launch on Tuesday, September 10th; full patch notes
released

   4 weeks ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Get Ready For The Next Battle and the arrival of […]

   Cody-Vergil-Crossover-Costume-SFVAE

Get motivated to obtain more power with Cody’s Vergil Crossover Costume in
Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition’s latest Extra Battle

   1 month ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   Plus obtain new Crossover BGM from Devil May Cry 4! The […]

   evo 2019 main stage games crop

The comprehensive Evo 2019 tournament results

   1 month ago by Casey "Waveflame" Rinaldi No Comments

   If there is anything we missed please let us know […]
     * LOAD MORE POSTS

Most Popular Posts of the Week

   SRK review - The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change how you view
   the Nintendo Switch's handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming Earbuds Pro
   impressions SRK review – The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change
   how you view the Nintendo Switch’s handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming
   Earbuds Pro impressions
   CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo "The Beast" Umehara shares his
   thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019
   performance, and more CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The
   Beast” Umehara shares his thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with
   Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and more
   Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for PlayStation 4
   and PC Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for
   PlayStation 4 and PC

Shoryuken YouTube – Rising Up

                                SRK Rising Up

Street Fighter V Coverage

   View All
   sfv_guile_ca_startup
   October 1, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The Beast” Umehara shares his
thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and
more

   r mika sfv srk
   September 26, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Two: Fuudo discusses using Birdie, his biggest
obstacles going into Evo 2019, Season 4 DLC characters, and winning Capcom
Cup 2019

   Kage-Asura-Crossover-Costume
   September 18, 2019

New costumes for Poison, E. Honda, and Balrog are now available in Street
Fighter V: Arcade Edition with an Asura’s Wrath Crossover Costume for Kage
arriving later this month

   evo 2019 main stage games crop
   August 30, 2019

The comprehensive Evo 2019 tournament results

   Twitter Facebook Youtube
   TO TOP

About SRK

   From your daily dose of fighting game news, to matchmaking forums,
   strategy guides, and more, SRK (Shoryuken) is home to the biggest
   community of fighting game players and enthusiasts.

Contact Us

   If you would like to suggest an article, or simply tell us how awesome
   we are then now's your chance! We appreciate all feedback. Contact Us
   or Submit a Tip

Join Mailing List

   Top fighting game headlines delivered straight to your inbox.
   Email Address ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   © 2019 - Shoryuken. All Rights Reserved.

   [p?c1=2&c2=6685975&c3=&c4=&c5=&c6=&c15=&cj=1]
   0

   #Shoryuken » Feed Shoryuken » Comments Feed Shoryuken » A 9-month labor
   of love for Arakune results in unusual combo video for BlazBlue:
   Central Fiction Comments Feed Learn to wield the gunblade with ease:
   Maximilian’s Squall breakdown for Dissidia Final Fantasy NT SNK
   releasing new — and free — Samurai Shodown V Special themes for
   PlayStation 4 & PS Vita alternate alternate

   Shoryuken

     * Categories
          + News
          + Strategy
          + Tournaments
          + Interviews
          + Tutorials
          + Discussion
          + Videos
          + Evo
     * Forums
     * WIki
          + Glossary
     * Tournaments
     * Rankings
     * Evo 2019
     * Submit Tip

   [- Select Page -]
   ____________________ SEARCH AND HIT ENTER
   Strategy Videos

A 9-month labor of love for Arakune results in unusual combo video for
BlazBlue: Central Fiction

   By Luke "Woocash" Siuty on January 25, 2018 at 5:00 pm

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/share_button.php?href=http://shoryuken
   .com/2018/01/25/a-9-month-labor-of-love-for-arakune-results-in-unusual-
   combo-video-for-blazblue-central-fiction/&layout=button_count&size=smal
   l&mobile_iframe=true&width=86&height=20&appId

   Tweet
   arakunecombo

   Now, now… I know how we all feel about Arakune players in BlazBlue:
   Central Fiction. To say that they are not the most-liked is a polite
   understatement. But just in case you aren’t aware of just how vile,
   disgusting, unfair, [DEL: overpowered :DEL] Arakune is, this is the
   video you need to see and share in misery with friends.

   SugoiSmallFry took nine precious months out of his life to
   create ｢Unspeakable Evil｣, a combo video and character tutorial
   monstrosity in one. Starting out with a story edited from BlazBlue‘s
   sprites and animation, the lengthy clip goes into showing how to
   perform the dirtiest cross-ups and hard-to-blockable setups, that may
   result in ragequits. The visual editing is fairly impressive
   (occasionally meme-ing a bit), showing button inputs and even a chart
   that displays what type of mix-ups Arakune can perform in a “Block with
   me” sequence.

   The latter half is a compilation of pretty practical situations that
   Arakune can turn around into a full Curse and some character-specific
   tricks. SugoiSmallFry shows how to get around common tools and
   defensive measures from fighters like Ragna, Lambda-11, Rachel, Jin,
   and others. Arakune can even disgustingly combo into a full Curse from
   a Counter Assault. Though the video is technically about CF 1.0,
   Arakune is relatively unchanged, combo-wise, in the current version.

   And it seems like Arakune players have new theme songs to brand them,
   which are, bizarrely enough, remixes of I Feel Good
   and Wonderwall (though it’s actually called Wallspin). Yes. You read
   this correctly.

   IFRAME:
   http://www.youtube.com/embed/EZLTwRfWhb0?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide=
   2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

   Source: SugoiSmallFry

Share this:

     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     *

Luke "Woocash" Siuty

   Luke "Woocash" Siuty is a Chicago-based writer who specializes in
   ArcSys titles. A Guilty Gear veteran, he plays Baiken and commits
   atrocities by playing Sin when he's not busy pondering the ArcSys
   Cycle. He's always down to talk on Twitter, so send him tips. He's good
   at OS-ing in real life, not so much in video games, though.

Most Popular Posts of the Week

   SRK review - The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change how you view
   the Nintendo Switch's handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming Earbuds Pro
   impressions SRK review – The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change
   how you view the Nintendo Switch’s handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming
   Earbuds Pro impressions
   CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo "The Beast" Umehara shares his
   thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019
   performance, and more CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The
   Beast” Umehara shares his thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with
   Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and more
   Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for PlayStation 4
   and PC Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for
   PlayStation 4 and PC

Shoryuken YouTube – Rising Up

                                SRK Rising Up

Street Fighter V Coverage

   View All
   sfv_guile_ca_startup
   October 1, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The Beast” Umehara shares his
thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and
more

   r mika sfv srk
   September 26, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Two: Fuudo discusses using Birdie, his biggest
obstacles going into Evo 2019, Season 4 DLC characters, and winning Capcom
Cup 2019

   Kage-Asura-Crossover-Costume
   September 18, 2019

New costumes for Poison, E. Honda, and Balrog are now available in Street
Fighter V: Arcade Edition with an Asura’s Wrath Crossover Costume for Kage
arriving later this month

   evo 2019 main stage games crop
   August 30, 2019

The comprehensive Evo 2019 tournament results

   Twitter Facebook Youtube
   TO TOP

About SRK

   From your daily dose of fighting game news, to matchmaking forums,
   strategy guides, and more, SRK (Shoryuken) is home to the biggest
   community of fighting game players and enthusiasts.

Contact Us

   If you would like to suggest an article, or simply tell us how awesome
   we are then now's your chance! We appreciate all feedback. Contact Us
   or Submit a Tip

Join Mailing List

   Top fighting game headlines delivered straight to your inbox.
   Email Address ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   © 2019 - Shoryuken. All Rights Reserved.

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________ loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   [p?c1=2&c2=6685975&c3=&c4=&c5=&c6=&c15=&cj=1]
   #Shoryuken » Feed Shoryuken » Comments Feed Shoryuken » Enable Street
   Fighter V’s (Incomplete) Unused Stage Transitions and Finishes with
   This New Mod Comments Feed Daigo Umehara Fights Against Team East Coast
   Throwdown in this Special Street Fighter V Exhibition Draw First Blood
   Against Gargos by Signing Up for Shadow Lords Early Access alternate
   alternate

   Shoryuken

     * Categories
          + News
          + Strategy
          + Tournaments
          + Interviews
          + Tutorials
          + Discussion
          + Videos
          + Evo
     * Forums
     * WIki
          + Glossary
     * Tournaments
     * Rankings
     * Evo 2019
     * Submit Tip

   [- Select Page -]
   ____________________ SEARCH AND HIT ENTER
   News Videos

Enable Street Fighter V’s (Incomplete) Unused Stage Transitions and Finishes
with This New Mod

   By Franz "d3v" Co on September 7, 2016 at 6:00 pm

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/share_button.php?href=http://shoryuken
   .com/2016/09/07/enable-street-fighter-vs-unused-stage-transitions-and-f
   inishes-with-this-new-mod/&layout=button_count&size=small&mobile_iframe
   =true&width=86&height=20&appId

   Tweet
   sfv_balrog_splatted_stage_finish

   Some time back, we reported on the fact that a set of unused stage
   transitions and finishes had been found in Street Fighter V. While
   interesting, the original discovery only allowed their animations to
   work in the Bustling Side Street stage. Now however, modders have found
   a way to get them to work in their proper stages.

   TheChosenJuannn over at the r/StreetFighterMods subreddit has released
   a new mod that enables these stage transitions and finishes in their
   proper stages for the PC version of Street Fighter V.  Sadly, as you
   can see in the video below, the mod only shows the animation of the
   defeated character–the stages themselves seem to be missing more than a
   few models, textures, and animations. Still, it offers a glimpse
   into something that Capcom is likely adding sometime down the line.

   IFRAME:
   http://www.youtube.com/embed/DdAyLtIgMpY?version=3&rel=1&fs=1&autohide=
   2&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&wmode=transparent

   Interested players on PC can find the mod over on Reddit. Take note
   that the mod only adds the right side transitions and finishes–the left
   side ones have yet to be made to work. More importantly, using these
   online can cause a disconnect when they’re triggered.

   Sources: Reddit; SFV Mods Street Fighter V Mods

Share this:

     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     *

Franz "d3v" Co

   Shoryuken's long time news hound. When not writing for SRK's front
   page, D3v spends part of his time helping run tournaments in the
   Philippines, including the country's biggest fighting game event,
   Manila Cup.

Most Popular Posts of the Week

   SRK review - The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change how you view
   the Nintendo Switch's handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming Earbuds Pro
   impressions SRK review – The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change
   how you view the Nintendo Switch’s handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming
   Earbuds Pro impressions
   CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo "The Beast" Umehara shares his
   thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019
   performance, and more CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The
   Beast” Umehara shares his thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with
   Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and more
   Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for PlayStation 4
   and PC Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for
   PlayStation 4 and PC

Shoryuken YouTube – Rising Up

                                SRK Rising Up

Street Fighter V Coverage

   View All
   sfv_guile_ca_startup
   October 1, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The Beast” Umehara shares his
thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and
more

   r mika sfv srk
   September 26, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Two: Fuudo discusses using Birdie, his biggest
obstacles going into Evo 2019, Season 4 DLC characters, and winning Capcom
Cup 2019

   Kage-Asura-Crossover-Costume
   September 18, 2019

New costumes for Poison, E. Honda, and Balrog are now available in Street
Fighter V: Arcade Edition with an Asura’s Wrath Crossover Costume for Kage
arriving later this month

   evo 2019 main stage games crop
   August 30, 2019

The comprehensive Evo 2019 tournament results

   Twitter Facebook Youtube
   TO TOP

About SRK

   From your daily dose of fighting game news, to matchmaking forums,
   strategy guides, and more, SRK (Shoryuken) is home to the biggest
   community of fighting game players and enthusiasts.

Contact Us

   If you would like to suggest an article, or simply tell us how awesome
   we are then now's your chance! We appreciate all feedback. Contact Us
   or Submit a Tip

Join Mailing List

   Top fighting game headlines delivered straight to your inbox.
   Email Address ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   © 2019 - Shoryuken. All Rights Reserved.

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________ loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   [p?c1=2&c2=6685975&c3=&c4=&c5=&c6=&c15=&cj=1]
   #Shoryuken » Feed Shoryuken » Comments Feed Shoryuken » “Disable the
   download”: Fight of Gods offends Malaysian ministers [UPDATED] Comments
   Feed Goku and Vegeta enter the World Tournament Arena with these Dragon
   Ball FighterZ character intro videos Jedah, Dormammu, Frank West, Ghost
   Rider, Ultron, and more featured in new Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite
   footage alternate alternate

   Shoryuken

     * Categories
          + News
          + Strategy
          + Tournaments
          + Interviews
          + Tutorials
          + Discussion
          + Videos
          + Evo
     * Forums
     * WIki
          + Glossary
     * Tournaments
     * Rankings
     * Evo 2019
     * Submit Tip

   [- Select Page -]
   ____________________ SEARCH AND HIT ENTER
   News

“Disable the download”: Fight of Gods offends Malaysian ministers [UPDATED]

   By Luke "Woocash" Siuty on September 7, 2017 at 10:30 am

   IFRAME:
   https://www.facebook.com/plugins/share_button.php?href=http://shoryuken
   .com/2017/09/07/disable-the-download-fight-of-gods-offends-malaysian-mi
   nisters/&layout=button_count&size=small&mobile_iframe=true&width=86&hei
   ght=20&appId

   Tweet
   fight of gods jesus vs buddha

   Fight of Gods recently updated with brand new characters — none other
   than Jesus and Buddha themselves. The divine brawler has been
   attracting some attention, whether it’s through a Jesus
   infinite combo or its controversial character depictions. Whether you
   approve of this gospel or brush it off as a quirky fighting game, the
   game has picked up some negative attention in Malaysia.

   The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission is going after
   the divine brawler, citing a violation of the Communications and
   Multimedia Act of 1998, Section 233, which penalizes knowingly “making,
   creating, or soliciting any comment, request, suggestion or other
   communication which is obscene, indecent, false, menacing or offensive
   in character with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass another
   person.”

   “Malaysians respect all cultural and religious sensitivities, and the
   sale and distribution of the religiously insensitive and blasphemous
   games must be stopped immediately,” according to Salleh Said Keruak,
   Communications and Multimedia Minister.

   In less complex lingo, they find Fight of Gods to be offensive,
   degrading to religious harmony, and threatening to racial unity,
   Malaysia Kini reports.

   “It is in the public interest to ensure that immediate steps are taken
   so that such contents do not continue to harm others,” Keruak went on
   to say, stating that further action will be taken should the Taiwanese
   creators of Fight of Gods, Digital Crafter, not comply with the demand.

   “Censorship!” you might cry? The very same act also states that
   “nothing in this Act shall be construed as permitting the censorship of
   the Internet.” The law gives Ministers power in determining what kind
   of content they deem offensive.

   [UPDATE: Apparently blocking the entire Steam platform is the course of
   action they chose to take.]

   Sources: Malaysia Kini; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime

Share this:

     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
     * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
     *

Luke "Woocash" Siuty

   Luke "Woocash" Siuty is a Chicago-based writer who specializes in
   ArcSys titles. A Guilty Gear veteran, he plays Baiken and commits
   atrocities by playing Sin when he's not busy pondering the ArcSys
   Cycle. He's always down to talk on Twitter, so send him tips. He's good
   at OS-ing in real life, not so much in video games, though.

Most Popular Posts of the Week

   SRK review - The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change how you view
   the Nintendo Switch's handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming Earbuds Pro
   impressions SRK review – The HORI Split Pad Pro will completely change
   how you view the Nintendo Switch’s handheld mode; plus HORI Gaming
   Earbuds Pro impressions
   CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo "The Beast" Umehara shares his
   thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019
   performance, and more CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The
   Beast” Umehara shares his thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with
   Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and more
   Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for PlayStation 4
   and PC Scuf Gaming announces the Vantage 2 elite controller for
   PlayStation 4 and PC

Shoryuken YouTube – Rising Up

                                SRK Rising Up

Street Fighter V Coverage

   View All
   sfv_guile_ca_startup
   October 1, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Three: Daigo “The Beast” Umehara shares his
thoughts on the CPT, new playstyle with Guile, his Evo 2019 performance, and
more

   r mika sfv srk
   September 26, 2019

CYG Interview Series Part Two: Fuudo discusses using Birdie, his biggest
obstacles going into Evo 2019, Season 4 DLC characters, and winning Capcom
Cup 2019

   Kage-Asura-Crossover-Costume
   September 18, 2019

New costumes for Poison, E. Honda, and Balrog are now available in Street
Fighter V: Arcade Edition with an Asura’s Wrath Crossover Costume for Kage
arriving later this month

   evo 2019 main stage games crop
   August 30, 2019

The comprehensive Evo 2019 tournament results

   Twitter Facebook Youtube
   TO TOP

About SRK

   From your daily dose of fighting game news, to matchmaking forums,
   strategy guides, and more, SRK (Shoryuken) is home to the biggest
   community of fighting game players and enthusiasts.

Contact Us

   If you would like to suggest an article, or simply tell us how awesome
   we are then now's your chance! We appreciate all feedback. Contact Us
   or Submit a Tip

Join Mailing List

   Top fighting game headlines delivered straight to your inbox.
   Email Address ____________________
   ____________________
   Subscribe

   © 2019 - Shoryuken. All Rights Reserved.

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________ loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   [p?c1=2&c2=6685975&c3=&c4=&c5=&c6=&c15=&cj=1]
