   #next The Sun » Feed The Sun » Comments Feed

   Jump directly to the content

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   The Sun, A News UK Company
   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

The Sun

BLOODY IDIOTS

   Bungling eco-warriors cover THEMSELVES in 400 gallons of fake blood at
   demo

THE eco-warriors used an eight-litre diesel fire engine to spray the red
fluid at the front of the building this morning. One of the activists said
the stunt had been carried out as 'economic growth leads to climate death'.

   News

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'
   News

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost
   Money

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Tech

THE SUN AND THEN SOME

   Get all our stories the way you want them with The Sun's newsletters
   News

GO HERE FOR ALL THE SHOWBIZ

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

SHE'S A GEM

   Gemma Collins shows off slim waist in sequinned dress after weight loss

FRAIL PHIL

   Phil Collins, 68, appears frail in a wheelchair before falling on stage

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

BACK ON BOYSON?

   Katie Price sneaks out of ex Kris Boyson's house after staying the
   night

PAY DAY

   Holly and Phil get £150k pay rise to work an extra 30 minutes a day on
   This Morning
   Exclusive

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

AFTER 'Mummy's boy' Harley's death, Natalie Bifulco was plunged into grief -
eventually losing her job and splitting from her son's dad. But now the
30-year-old, from Leicester, has been blessed with a second child - a son
called Jace who is the spitting image of his brother.

   Fabulous

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s
   Money

'WE WON!'

   Tearful parents of brain-damaged Tafida, 5, WIN legal fight to keep her
   alive
   News

DYING FOR A TAN

   Just ONE sunbed ‘doubles your risk of skin cancer,' experts warn
   Fabulous

DEAR DEIDRE

   I had hot sex with my school crush and I'm worried my missus will find
   out
   Dear Deidre

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

THE Duke of Sussex scolded a television reporter hours before releasing an
explosive rant about media coverage of Meghan Markle.

   News

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan
   News
   Comment

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals
   News

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods
   News

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86
   TV & Showbiz
   LATEST

BLOODBATH

   'Female cop' among 4 dead after 'colleague's knife spree at Paris
   police station'

A MAN working at the building stabbed multiple colleagues with a ceramic
knife he managed to sneak through the building's metal detectors, according
to local media. He was shot dead but not before he killed at least four
people.

   News

KNIFED AT HOME

   Man, 27, charged with attempted murder after 3-week-old boy & mum
   stabbed
   News

LO RUDE

   Gabby Logan's saucy live BBC gaffe has Denise Lewis & Jess Ennis-Hill
   in stitches
   Sport

FAST LANES

   Motorway speed limits could rise to 80mph across the country
   Motors

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill
   TV & Showbiz

GO HERE FOR ALL THE FOOTBALL

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

EYE, EYE

   Eriksen DID give Vertonghen a shiner... but only in training ground
   accident

WATCH OUT

   Sacked Diaby-Fadiga reveals he stole team-mate's £62k watch due to
   'jealousy'

OLE ON GAARD

   Man Utd scout Odegaard but face tussle with Arsenal and Liverpool for
   winger

GUNNERS LATEST

   Arsenal news LIVE - Latest updates and gossip from the Emirates

TROUBLE BREWING

   Griezmann admits Messi barely talks to him even though he gave him tea

STRIKE IT LUCKY

   Arsenal to offer Auba £150k a week pay rise to match Ozil's £350k deal

Outron

   Keane claims he only played with five world-class players at Man Utd

SOL SEARCHING

   Man Utd eye Werner, Moussa and Ousmane Dembele as Solskjaer demands
   striker

UP AND DOWN

   Arsenal 'can buy Leipzig ace Upamecano for £53m' after failed summer
   offer
   Exclusive

BACK ON BOYSON?

   Katie Price sneaks out of ex Kris Boyson's house after staying the
   night

KATIE cheated on Kris with hunk Charles Drury last year, dumping him via text
for the new toyboy. Charles moved into the star's mucky mansion but she left
him behind when she made a late night trip to Kris's with her two youngest
children. Katie stayed the night and tried to go undetected as she sneaked
out at 8am this morning.

   TV & Showbiz

DRUGS DEATH

   Schoolgirl, 14, died after taking MDMA she bought on Snapchat from teen
   dealer
   News

FIRST CONTACT?

   Nasa scientist says 'we're close' to huge reveal about life on Mars
   Tech

CAFE HERO

   Good Samaritan takes in homeless man she found sleeping in Costa Coffee
   doorway

A GOOD Samaritan took in a homeless man and gave him a bed after finding him
sleeping in a Costa Coffee doorway. Bridie Sawyer, 31, said George Dickson,
67, looked like 'the saddest man in the world'.

   News

DEAL ME IN

   Juncker agrees to talks on 'determined' Boris Johnson's 11th hour
   Brexit plan
   News

'I'M SPEAKER GET ME OUT OF HERE'

   Bercow jokes he sounds like he's eaten a kangaroo testicle
   News
   Comment

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism
   News

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock
   News
   Exclusive

'I DIED ON THE TABLE'

   Brit holidaymaker has her arm ripped off in Mexico dirt buggy crash

Brit Chelsea Vella, 26, was left hysterical after her arm was sliced off by a
buggy she was riding as part of a holiday excursion. Chelsea revealed that
she had to carry her own limb to the ambulance after the vehicle tipped near
Puerto Vallarta. She was later forced to have the arm amputated as doctors
said it was the only way they could save her life.

   News
   Latest

OZIL ATTACK

   Man pleads guilty to attempted robbery of Arsenal stars Ozil and
   Kolasinac
   News

KAY-CHING

   Peter Kay increased fortune to £32m last year despite his long break
   from showbiz
   TV & Showbiz

OUTBREAK FEARS

   Health chiefs desperate to trace 200 people after suspected measles
   outbreak
   News

GO-KART PLUNGE

   Brit mum died when she crashed a go-kart into a ravine while taking
   selfies
   News

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

THE 70-year-old, who played Sue Osman on the BBC soap from 1985 to 1989, was
discovered dead by her carer in her sheltered housing accommodation in
Stamford Hill, North London, in April. Sandy had battled with drink and drugs
throughout her career and was booted off EastEnders after developing a heroin
addiction.

   TV & Showbiz

SMACK BAN

   Smacking children could be made illegal in Scotland from TODAY
   News

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients
   TV & Showbiz

DRIVEWAY ROBBERY

   Bizarre law that lets anyone park on your drive - and could cost you
   money
   Motors
   Comment

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate
   News
   Breaking

TUBE LOCKDOWN

   King's Cross shut down after Standard Liege fans let off smoke bombs

FOOTAGE shows hundreds of Standard Liege fans walking through red smoke after
a flare was let off inside the station.

   News

'RAPE' CELEBRATION

   Students 'laughed & high-fived after raping a "10/10" drunk young
   woman'
   News

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches
   TV & Showbiz

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby
   Money
   Exclusive

FESTIVE TIPPLE

   Baileys now does a SALTED CARAMEL flavour and you can get it in Asda
   Money

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

BIT RICH

   Rich House Poor House mum handed budget of £1.2K A WEEK but 'misses'
   council house

HOTTING UP

   Shoppers go wild for a £4 Mrs Hinch-inspired radiator cover reduced
   from £77

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

LABOUR PAINS

   Mind-blowing photo of a woman’s bones MOVING during labour goes viral

BEDDER BELIEVE IT

   You can buy a special sponge to use post-sex & women think it's
   'genius'

TILL DEATH DO US PART

   Bride shames ‘petty’ RSVP - but is shocked when she DIES days later

Gintastic

   Snap up the new Gin Advent Calendar featuring 24 distinctive gins

sicko

   My boyfriend beat me, forced me into sex & threatened to rape my
   10-year-old sister

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO

GLOW UP

   Mum gets kids to lie still by saying they need ‘charge’ their
   glow-in-the-dark PJs

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

POLICE believe they have found the body of a missing mum who vanished after
her fiancé died two weeks before their wedding. Helen O'Brien, 34, went
missing last month just over a year after Kevin Reilly suffered a fatal heart
attack.

   News

CRUEL BLUNDER

   Council asks dozens of grieving parents to register dead child's school
   place
   News

MYSTIC MEG

   October 3: Your luck begins when you meet someone who looks like you
   Fabulous

CANN YOU BELIEVE IT

   How Ferne McCann has reinvented herself as TOWIE’s hottest yummy mummy

JUST under two years ago, Ferne McCann went from from self-confessed party
girl, to Essex's hottest yummy mummy. In November 2017, the 29-year-old
welcomed her daughter, Sunday - and ever since, the former TOWIE star has
undergone a dramatic transformation.

   Fabulous

TAKEN FOR FUELS

   Map shows petrol prices vary wildly, with some paying 4p a litre too
   much
   Money
   Exclusive

FERGIE QUESTIONED

   Fergie quizzed about Andrew for first time since Epstein scandal
   erupted
   News

DANCING ON TWICE

   Gemma Collins says she's returning to Dancing On Ice for Christmas
   special
   TV & Showbiz
   latest

IN THE CLEAR

   Girls, 14 & 16, arrested for 'murder' of widower, 81, released without
   charge
   News

SUPERSONIC SMASH

   How piece of metal thinner than a PENNY caused Concorde crash, killing
   113

CONCORDE was the fastest airliner in the world and considered one of the
safest on the morning of July 25, 2000. But that afternoon it erupted into
flames during takeoff before slamming down into a hotel in Paris. Now a new
TV show highlights the string of events leading up to the crash...and how it
might have been prevented.

   News
   Warning

SCARRED FOR LIFE

   Mum-of-two, 36, suffers horrific burns all over her body when BBQ
   explodes
   News

CHILD SNATCHERS

   Dad's horror as thieves speed off with son, 5, in car during Gumtree
   heist
   News

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'
   News

HIDE AND SEEK

   There's an enormous black hole lurking in this Nasa photo – can you
   find it?
   Tech

RUDE TUBE

   'Selfish' commuter slammed for 'forcing woman on crutches to stand on
   train'

SHOCKED Sonny Phillips took the shocking photo on his 30-minute train journey
from Clapham Junction to Isleworth in London. He said someone eventually
offered the woman a seat, which she gratefully accepted.

   News

HIGHWAY TO CELL

   Gang of thieves caught after POSING with stolen car in Facebook picture
   News

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions
   News

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference
   News

‘WHAT ABOUT THE COP?’

   Outrage as HK protester is charged with assault after cops shot HIM
   News

latest in opinion

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals

LEO MCKINSTRY

   Forget Tory toff slurs, Conservatives are the REAL party of the workers

JANE MOORE

   Top Christmas toys this year sound about as much fun as a Brexit board
   game

THE SUN SAYS

   Labour & ex-Tory rebels are to blame if Boris doesn't deliver Brexit on
   Oct 31

TOBY YOUNG

   Dads may get portrayed as deadbeats but it's the most important job in
   the world

THE SUN SAYS

   Tinfoil Hamm belongs in back benches as much as Saj deserves to be
   Chancellor

ROBERT COLVILE

   Tories' infrastructure pledges will result in a better-connected
   Britain

ALLY ROSS

   Manic Richard Madeley is the making of The Circle but his place is on
   Strictly

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris must fight back against elite dirty tricks for the sake of our
   democracy

TREVOR KAVANAGH

   The more establishment mouthpiece BBC batters BoJo the more Brits back
   him

rich pickings

   Location Location Location house hunters blasted as 'toddlers with no
   budget'

VIEWERS took to Twitter to mock Pip, Mike and Poppy who went on the Channel
Four show but failed to buy anything. Phil even had to have a stern talk with
Pip, telling her that her demands didn't equate to her budget.

   Fabulous

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz

BUBBLE TROUBLE

   Dangerous car tyre covered in huge bulges spotted on the school run

THE bulging tyre — which could have burst at any moment and caused a road
accident — was photographed by a council officer patrolling near a school in
Derby. The horrified member of Derby City Council's public protection team
sent the driver straight to a nearby garage.

   Motors
   Exclusive

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year
   TV & Showbiz

MIXED MESSAGES

   Hidden meanings behind Meghan Markle's royal tour jewellery
   Fabulous

SIGNED OFF

   Fuming mum claims theme park artwork is 'racist' but not everyone
   agrees
   Travel
   Exclusive

DRUG DRAMA

   Squaddie, 18, fighting for life after drugs binge on tour of duty in
   Kenya
   News

'PIECE OF S***'

   Defiant last words of student as rapist rapper killed her live on
   FaceTime

THE sister of a murdered student has revealed the final, defiant words of her
sister as she heard her brutal rape and murder over Facetime - and could do
nothing but helplessly listen. Palestinian student Aiia Maasarwe, who held an
Israeli citizenship, was brutally attacked by a rapist rapper in January in
Victoria, Australia.

   News

STRICT WORD

   Strictly's Janette swears live on It Takes Two forcing host Gethin to
   apologise
   TV & Showbiz
   Latest

TREE TRAGEDY

   Man, 58, dies after being hit by falling tree near cemetery in Stafford
   News

FAKING ILLNESS

   Mum 'forced healthy son to eat via feeding tube causing serious
   injuries'
   News

FOLD THE PHONE

   Microsoft announces folding phone with TWO screens coming next year
   Tech

CROP DEAD GORGEOUS

   Kate Wright slipped into crop top wedding outfit after marrying Rio

THE ex Towie star, 28, swapped her original dress for a more temperature
appropriate style after marrying retired footballer Rio Ferdinand in Turkey
last week. The blonde beauty looked incredible in a bralet-style top and
flowing skirt that featured a fitting heart-shaped pattern.

   TV & Showbiz

UNBE-LEAF-ABLE

   Brit scientists create world's first plant that produces 'breast milk'
   Tech
   Exclusive

frenemies

   Anna Vakili claims Love Island cast 'hate each other' and won't speak
   to one pair
   TV & Showbiz

MIDLIFE STI-SIS

   Middle-aged blokes more likely to get STIs than teenage boys, figures
   claim
   News

PINT OF NO RETURN

   Men 'should not drink alcohol for six months before trying for a baby'
   News

Most read in Money

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

TOY JOY

   Morrisons is selling an adorable giant sloth toy for a bargain price

HELLO-MI

   Aldi is selling halloumi wrapped in bacon as part of its Christmas menu

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost

PIECE OF CAKE

   Aldi is selling a copycat Colin the Caterpillar called Cuthbert

PAWFECT

   Lidl is selling a dog bed that keeps your pet warm when temperatures
   drop

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

EVERY LITTLE HELPS

   Tesco to launch Clubcard Plus giving users grocery discounts and more

CRACK ON

   Morrisons launches a weekend breakfast deal and you can get 15 items
   for £6

'HEART OF GOLD'

   Beauty queen nurse, 23, killed in crash on way home from night shift

KERRIE Browne, 26, was returning from hospital when she died in a smash
between her car and a Jeep in County Kerry, Ireland. The tragedy happened
just hours after another nurse died in a crash in South Wales.

   News

DEADLY CLUE

   Vaping lung disease causes 'chemical burns like gas poisoning' as
   deaths hit 17
   News

Morning glory

   ITV scrap Jeremy Kyle slot and extend This Morning by an extra half an
   hour
   TV & Showbiz

BLAST OFF

   North Korea releases pic of sub-launched missile that could hit
   anywhere in world
   News

BEDDER BELIEVE IT

   You can buy a special sponge to use post-sex & women think it's
   'genius'
   Fabulous
   Revealed

AND THE OS-CAR GOES TO...

   Here’s the winners of our Car of the Year Awards voted for by YOU

WE told you the new Defender is a knockout . . . and you thought so too as
you chose your favourites in a dozen categories. The 4×4 icon has been
reimagined for today’s world — tough, trendy and hi-tech — and has been
crowned The Sun’s Car of the Year. Here are the winners in all the
categories.

   Motors

WORLDS AWAY

   Boy Meets World star Maitland Ward reveals she's become a PORN star
   TV & Showbiz

CUT THE B.S.

   Trump rages at Democrat 'bulls***' over impeachment probe as Putin
   wades in
   News

WORD OF WARNING

   Sleeping on your back when pregnant 'as bad as smoking 10
   cigarettes-a-day'
   Fabulous

'IT'S BROAD DAYLIGHT!'

   Randy couple caught having vigorous sex in car as kids walk past
   News

FAMILY KILLER

   Chris Watts pens horror confession describing wife’s eyes filling with
   blood

A SICKENING letter penned by jailed murderer Chris Watts tells in horrifying
new detail how Watts wiped out his whole family to be with his mistress.
Divulging fresh aspects of his grisly crime that were previously unknown to
investigators, he reveals his daughters watched their mum die.

   News

KEEP YOUR HEIR ON!

   Prince Harry rapped by ex-Palace staff for attack on coverage of Meghan
   News

LITTLE DAAL-ING

   Kate reveals she cooks curry for her family & Charlotte is 'good with
   heat'
   News

WILLY WEIRD

   Woman's elaborate plaited hair mocked by people who say it 'looks like
   a willy'
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake
   TV & Showbiz

BIG MAMA'S HOUSE

   Mama June’s famous messy mansion now on sale & it looks totally
   different

THE reality star - mum of Honey Boo Boo - and her partner Geno Doak are
facing trial for crack cocaine possession after they were arrested in their
home state of Alabama back in March.

   News

JIHADI BRIDEZILLAS

   ISIS’ all-female ‘morality’ death squads re-emerge in Syrian prisons
   News

BEN THERE, DONE THAT

   Susanna Reid stunned as Ben Shephard reveals Harry Potter cameo
   TV & Showbiz

RU BRITANNIA

   Ultimate guide for RuPaul's Drag Race UK - from contestants, judges and
   lingo
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK DR

   Robbie Williams changes his title to DOCTOR after filing new company
   accounts
   TV & Showbiz

The Only Way is Nissan

   Gemma Collins swaps her £70k BMW for a £275 Nissan Micra

GEMMA Collins has been spotted out and about in a £275 Nissan Micra - which
is a massive downgrade from her normal wheels, as she is used to the
glamorous £70,000 BMW to get her about town.

   TV & Showbiz

‘LOOKS BAD’

   Bodycam shows cops on horseback marching black suspect through town on
   a rope
   News

Mum's fear

   Chris Evans says mum told him she was 'petrified' of dying before her
   death
   TV & Showbiz

skin-scare

   The Silence of the Lambs & The Shining's shocks 'cause premature
   ageing'
   TV & Showbiz

NEW LINK

   Mums suffering severe morning sickness '50% more likely to have kids
   with autism'
   Fabulous

SAD STREET

   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami

TO EL & BACK

   X Factor's Ella Henderson overcomes Syco split and trolls to release
   new music

NOT GONE TO POT

   Mel Sykes shows off amazing figure as she fronts new BBC pottery show

OAR LOSER

   Strictly's James Cracknell launches furious rant after he's first to be
   ousted

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year

GONE FOR A BARTON

   Emmerdale actor Anthony Quinlan QUITS as much-loved character Pete
   Barton

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50

POSH PORKIES

   Vic Beckham denies plastic surgery on TV…but had previously admitted
   boob job

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

SOMETIMES appearances can be deceptive, as any visitor to this house in South
Wales can testify. Anyone stepping inside will be shocked at how the interior
is so dramatically different from what the outside suggests.

   News

CUSHY JOB

   Queen has cushion that reads ‘It’s good to be Queen’ on favourite
   Balmoral sofa
   Fabulous

SNOOZE YOU LOSE

   Sleeping fewer than six hours a night could 'increase risk of cancer'
   News
   Competition

HAUL OF BOOTY

   Win a PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB ahead of this month's Call of Duty release
   Tech

WALK-IN DEAD

   Dancer's zombie makeup so realistic she 'sparked full hospital
   emergency'
   News

ZEBRA CROSSING

   Runaway zebra is shot dead on motorway by cops after escaping circus

TWO zebras escaped from a circus on Tuesday night and were being chased by
police in East Germany until yesterday. One of the zebras was returned to the
circus and the other was shot dead after causing an accident on the highway.

   News

dad dancing

   Kelvin Fletcher practises his Strictly moves with adorable baby Milo
   TV & Showbiz

'THE QUEEN IS BACK!'

   Naga welcomed by BBC Breakfast fans in first show since 'racist' row
   News
   Exclusive

SPOT OF BOTHER

   Three friends split from husbands within 2 years in 'domino divorce'
   effect
   Fabulous

WEIGH HEY

   Keto diet - how to know if you're in ketosis... from bad breath to
   weight loss
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

OH NOSE

   Trolls forced me to move & take kids out of school but I DON’T regret
   NHS nose job

BRITAIN'S 'most hated woman', who faked depression to get a £7,000 nose job
on the NHS, says she's been run out of town by strangers whose death threats
have left her 'fearing for my life'. Carla Bellucci, 38, from Borehamwood,
claims she’s too scared to leave the house after enduring months of abuse
from trolls and strangers in the street.

   Fabulous

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

THE TV stars - both currently single - posted a series of cosy videos
together as they filmed in Germany for A League of Their Own, sparking the
idea of a new romance with their followers. Jamie split from wife Louise last
year while Maya split from Stormzy in August after 4 years together.

   TV & Showbiz

WHAT THE ELF

   Buddy the Elf wreath sparks fierce debate online as fans argue it's
   'creepy'
   Fabulous

Luke out

   Emmerdale fans claim Luke is rapist Lee’s BROTHER planning revenge on
   Victoria
   TV & Showbiz

'CAN'T TRUST ANYONE'

   Boy, 16, killed himself when bullies outed him as bisexual on Snapchat
   News

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal
   Money

Latest explainers

IRELAND 35 RUSSIA 0

   Ireland breeze past Russia with a five-try win but are hampered errors

ALL RISE

   The full lowdown on Duncan James' journey from singer to actor

REACH FOR THE STARS

   What is X Factor: All stars? Simon Cowell's new spin-off talent show

FAMILY VALUES

   Greta Thunberg's parents - who are the climate activist's parents and
   sister?

TRAGIC STAR

   A look at the life and death of EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff

MIDWEEK MADNESS

   Why is Arsenal's match against Vitoria being played on a Wednesday?
   MotoGP Thailand practice FREE: Live stream, TV channel and start time

STUDENT'S FUNERAL

   What happened to Libby Squire and when did she go missing?

COURT RULING

   All about Tafida Raqeeb and her parents battle to get treatment abroad

JUDY'S JUNIORS

   All about actress Judy Garland's children - how old they are & what
   they do

GROUP K

   Besiktas vs Wolves: Live stream, TV channel, kick-off time and team
   news

GROUP G

   Young Boys vs Rangers FREE: Live stream, kick-off time, TV channel and
   team news

HOSPITAL DASH

   Girl, 1, gags on Poundstretcher juice 'smelling like nail varnish
   remover'

A LITTLE girl was rushed to hospital after taking one sip of an own-brand
Poundstrecher blackcurrant drink which reportedly stank of nail varnish
remover. One-year-old Hunter Easterbrook was spending time with her dad when
she started gagging after drinking the ‘Cool Crush’ which was bought in
Poundstretcher's Swindon branch.

   News

STINKING OUT LOUD

   Ed Sheeran donates old slippers to charity shop and they could fetch
   £200
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

JIHADI JUNIOR

   Boy vows to become ISIS suicide bomber in video from hellhole Syrian
   camp
   News

TESCO TRAGEDY

   Hero Tesco worker, 59, collapsed and died after confronting
   'shoplifters'
   News

'NICK' PROBE REVIEW

   Met Police face probe over disastrous VIP paedophile investigation
   News

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

Car sharing, only buying clothes from car boot sales helped graduate Molly
Beard save £25,000 for a house deposit in just four years. Molly, 27, moved
into her £195,000 terraced home in Market Harborough, Leicestershire last
summer with her boyfriend James Cooke, 28.

   Money

SICKO CHARGED

   Ex-Yahoo worker hunted for porn by illegally hacking 6,000 user
   accounts
   Tech

RED ALERT

   Mrs Hinch raves about £2 silicone strips to avoid burning hands on hot
   oven racks
   Fabulous

BOOT FOR BOT

   Gary Lineker is worried a robot could replace him as Match of the Day
   host
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

BROKEN FAMILIES

   One in five separated dads see their children less than once a month
   News

STRING THEORY

   Trolls blast model, 25, for bikini bottoms SO tiny she may as well ‘be
   naked’

AN INSTAGRAM model has been mocked by trolls for posing in a tiny bikini.
Gabrielle Epstein, 25, from Australia, uploaded a snap of herself posing
poolside in a khaki two-piece, but people have said she 'might as well be
naked'.

   Fabulous

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman
   News

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK STAR DEAD

   Kim Shattuck of punk band The Muffs dies after battle with debilitating
   ALS
   TV & Showbiz

‘RIPPING US OFF’

   Trump declares win in EU trade war as cheese & whisky hit with tariffs
   News

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

Most read in politics

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference

WAGE WAR

   What is the National Living Wage and what is the minimum wage for under
   25s?

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions

I WANNA STAND LIKE COMMONS PEOPLE

   Why do MPs stand up in the House of Commons during PMQs?

CORBYN THE COSMONAUT

   Boris vows to send Corbyn 'into orbit' with economic plan to boost UK

HAMES WHO?

   Who is Jo Swinson's husband Duncan Hames?

TIME BOMB

   I was relieved when my husband switched to vaping but 8 months later he
   was dead

WHEN Terry Miller discovered what he thought was a safe alternative to
smoking, his wife Glynis was delighted that he might finally be able to kick
his 15-year habbit. However, Glynis is now convinced that if he hadn't come
across e-cigarettes he'd still be alive, as it has been claimed that Terry
was the first Brit to die as a result of vaping.

   News

KNOW YOUR LINES

   The eight things the wrinkles on your face reveal about your lifestyle
   Fabulous

UP UP AND HEIR-WAY

   Kate often books an entire row on a flight so she can store her clothes
   Fabulous

'IT'S NOT COOL'

   Bullied boy forced to change school pens heartbreaking letter to
   classmates
   Fabulous

'BULLS***'

   Eriksen denies Vertonghen slept with his partner and sparked punch-up
   with Kane
   Sport

‘KILL HIM!’

   Moment twisted cop kills defenceless wombat by throwing rocks at its
   head

THE off-duty cop gives the camera a thumbs-up before pelting the wombat with
large rocks. The distrubing footage was taken on South Australia's Eyre
Peninsula and was shared by a local animal rescue group in hopes the man will
be prosecuted.

   News

'DON'T TELL ANYONE'

   Putin jokes he's 'definitely' going to interfere with 2020 US election
   News
   Exclusive

ROCKET MAN

   RAF ace to fire 500mph satellite rocket into space from Boeing 747 at
   30,000ft
   News

#NOTIME2LOSE

   Bowel cancer screening at 50 WILL save lives, say experts - blasting
   new study
   News

A TREAT FOR CHEATS?

   WhatsApp update will let you send secret, self-destructing messages
   Tech

DESPICABLE MAN

   Universal sacks actor who used ‘white power symbol’ next to biracial
   girl

A CHARACTER actor at Universal Orlando has been fired after being caught
making a "white power symbol" while taking a photograph with a young girl.
The theme park said they were investigating the issue after her parents
spotted the symbol months later.

   Travel

PLAYTIME HORROR

   Dad accidentally kills baby by throwing her into ceiling fan while
   playing
   News

MAKING A SPLASH

   Coventry's huge new water park is opening just in time for half term
   Travel
   Exclusive

Scott free

   Furious Kylie Jenner accused Travis Scott of cheating on her before
   split
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

LITTLE RICH MIX

   Little Mix made £9m last year and banked £1.6m each as they wow in
   London
   TV & Showbiz

TOP CLASS

   BBC legend Peter Sissons pictured with John Lennon & Jimmy Tarbuck on
   school trip

THE newsreader, who went Dovedale Junior School in Liverpool, gathered for a
group photograph with his schoolmates during a 1951 seaside trip to the Isle
of Man. Peter Sissons (left) puts his left arm on John Lennon (centre left)
who is standing next to Jimmy Tarbuck (centre right) and Brian Labone (top
right).

   News

BEY CANCER SCARE

   Beyonce tested for breast cancer gene after dad Mathew Knowles'
   diagnosis
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

MONSTER MEN

   How women killed by domestic violence are the invisible victims of
   knife crime
   Fabulous

'I FORGIVE YOU'

   Brother of black neighbour killed by cop FORGIVES her as they hug in
   court
   News

AMUSE AT TEN

   Peter Sissons' lighter side revealed in hilarious dance for Children In
   Need
   News

EDITOR'S TOP VIDEOS

   [image-120808439e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

BoJo jungle gag

   PM Boris Johnson compares parliament to a ‘pizza wheel of doom’ and
   I’m…
   [image-285949c39c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:57

BO DON’T KNOW

   Boris Johnson ‘doesn’t remember’ dinner where journalist accused him of
   grope…
   [image-31908427f2-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   03:04

Meg's lighter side

   Meghan Markle says ‘I can’t screw up’ leaving audience in fits of
   giggles during…
   [image-51dfca3500-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:36

Gunned down

   Horrifying moment Hong Kong protester is shot in the chest at close
   range by police officer with live round
   [Military.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1] 01:20

Military might

   China marks 70 years of communism with massive show of force during
   huge parade
   [image-befcb531c1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:41

PIZZA HIT

   Moment Pizza Express customer ‘punches female Vegan activist in the
   face’ after…
   [image-a8377bdb79.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

PROUD MAMA

   Former EastEnders’ star Rita Simons shares clip of deaf daughter
   singing
   [image-de0bc4670c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:50

LIAR

   Stacey Solomon rings into Loose Women to call Joe Swash a LIAR as he
   claims to do baby Rex’s night feeds
   [image-42c8c0f02b-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:40

The Archie Show

   Baby Archie steals limelight from Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as
   royals meet Desmond Tutu in South…
   [image-f22276a4de.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:32

Classic example

   Boris Johnson compares Brexit to a character in Greek mythology who
   spent eternity having his liver…
   [image-69bac85bcb.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:32

'MY 2'

   Emmerdale’s Charley Webb shares stunning video of her kids’ amazing
   singing
   [image-2de68210ef.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:45

Final landing

   Thomas Cook passengers support staff on final flight as firm’s collapse
   confirmed
   [image-6366d4de4b.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:35

'UNFILTERED AND UNSCRIPTED'

   Emmys 2019: Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner laughed off stage after
   pair claim their…
   [image-f5c4ea7f2e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:37

Crying agony

   Russian doctors baffled by case of woman who cries ‘crystal’ tears and
   says the…

DEATH'S DOOR

   I had both boobs removed after cancer then almost died of sepsis from
   implants

LIZ Gooch, 41, from Pontypridd, South Wales, was diagnosed with triple
negative breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy. She had breast
implants fitted but within a month she fell ill - after they caused her to
contract deadly sepsis.

   Fabulous

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

KING'S RANSOM

   Beauty queen 'demands £24k a MONTH' in mega-divorce from Malaysian
   ex-King

SOURCES close to the Sultan of Kelantan have reportedly alleged the Russian
beauty queen for her 'excessive' demands as part of her divorce settlement.
The British-educated ex-king reportedly asked courtiers: 'Who does she think
I am... Bill Gates?'

   News

ROON WITH A VIEW

   Rooneys in row with neighbours over size of £20m 'Morrisons Mansion'
   News

CORRIE COMEBACK

   Debbie Webster returns for first time in 34 years & fans demand she
   stays
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

CROCK 'N' ROLL

   Sir Mick Jagger 'wanted a pension as he feared music career wouldn't
   last'
   TV & Showbiz

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO
   Fabulous

UNDER HISS SPELL

   Fearless Malaysian soldier grabs deadly King Cobra after staring it
   down

THE jaw-dropping footage was taken by an onlooker as the solider, from the
Tentera Darat Army, bravely squared up to the deadly King Cobra. The agitated
snake is grabbed and handled by the solider are coming face-to-face on the
dirt road.

   News

TRAGIC DISCOVERY

   Missing nurse, 23, found dead in river after vanishing in hospital
   scrubs
   News

TYGA SWIPE

   Kylie Jenner meets up with ex Tyga at 2am in LA after split with Travis
   Scott
   TV & Showbiz

EASY BARGAIN

   EasyJet has scrapped £16 booking fee so flights will be cheaper than
   ever
   Travel

VLAD TAKES AIM

   Putin says Greta can’t deny poor countries chance to be rich like
   Sweden
   News

LATEST MONEY-SAVING TIPS

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal

PLAY IT SAFE

   Do you know what these safety labels mean? How to avoid getting ripped
   off

SUN SAVERS

   Fantastic ways to back Breast Cancer Awareness month while saving your
   cash

THAT’S CONKERS

   Eco-friendly mum saves money by cleaning her clothes with CONKERS

SUN SAVERS

   Put the kettle on and raise a mug to International Coffee Day

SUN SAVERS

   Prepare for the big chill with the best deals to get your wardrobe
   winter-ready

SUN SAVERS

   Keep warm as the weather cools with some great deals on home
   entertainment

PAWS & CLAWS

   Brits are more willing to pay out for their pets' health than their own

CONSUMER CREW

   How to save cash by re-decorating your home with items you already own

SUN SAVERS

   Cut costs by swapping expensive big-brand goodies for supermarket
   own-brands

SUN SAVERS

   Save £456 by rustling up your own fakeaway on a winter night in with
   these tips

DREAM HOME

   Mum sobs after fearing husband with cancer wouldn't see £500k Grand
   Designs home

APPEARING on the most recent episode of Grand Designs, Toby and Libby Leaming
revealed they'd been wanting to build their own house for years. However, the
couple were forced to delay their home renovation project after Toby was
diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.

   Fabulous

'IT HELPS OTHERS'

   Montana Brown defends publicly grieving for Mike Thalassitis on
   Instagram
   TV & Showbiz

TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE

   Sharp student, 22, fools 'online scammer' into giving HIM money
   Tech

TOMTOM DUM DUM

   'Unbelievably stupid' white van man drives into river 'as satnav told
   me to'
   News

GLOW UP

   Mum gets kids to lie still by saying they need ‘charge’ their
   glow-in-the-dark PJs
   Fabulous

MUMMY MIA

   Long-lost temple of Egyptian king found sparking 'curse of the pharaoh'
   fears

THE ANCIENT temple of a long-lost Egyptian pharaoh has been discovered in
Egypt, archaeologists claim. The 2,200-year-old tomb structure is thought to
belong to Pharoah Ptolemy IV.

   Tech

LAST POST

   Katie Price fans vow never to buy her clothes again after orders don't
   arrive
   TV & Showbiz

UNI FAT CATS

   5,000 uni chiefs raked in over £100k last year as students face
   sky-high debt
   News

DO BETTER

   Game of Thrones’ Nathalie Emmanuel warns TV bosses to ‘heed' diversity
   criticism
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

UFO MYSTERY

   'Alien tech' found by Blink-182 singer 'could be scrap from Roswell
   crash'
   Tech

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   The Sun
   More TV & Showbiz
   CHILD IS REBORN

Destiny’s Child to reunite after Beyonce’s secret talks with Kelly Rowland
and Michelle Williams

   Exclusive
   By From Simon Boyle's Bizarre Column
   4th August 2019, 9:00 pm
   Updated: 4th August 2019, 9:35 pm
   1 Comment

   THEY have been Independent Women since their last studio album in 2004
   – but 15 years on, Destiny’s Child are ready to prove that the band is
   a Survivor of the music industry.

   I can reveal that Beyonce has been secretly working on getting the
   iconic pop group back together, with Kelly Rowland and Michelle
   Williams both on board.

   Getty Images - Getty
   Beyonce has been secretly working on getting Destiny’s Child back
   together

   She wants the reunion to include brand new music and a lucrative tour
   of the US and Europe next year.

   And the timing is perfect, as it coincides with the 20th anniversary of
   Michelle joining Destiny’s Child and the group then becoming a
   chart-topping trio worldwide.

   A music insider said: “Beyonce has been desperate to get the girls back
   together with her in the studio and she can’t think of a better time
   than 2020, when they will be marking two decades as one of the world’s
   biggest all-female groups.

   “She saw the success of the Spice Girls tour and wants to replicate
   that — but far bigger and better.

   Getty Images - Getty
   Kelly Rowland, Beyonce Knowles and Michelle Williams of Destiny’s Child
   perform during the Super Bowl in 2013

   “Beyonce has been meeting with Kelly and Michelle and discussing what
   they can do.

   “It’s early days but they want to record new music and put it out
   alongside some of their biggest hits.

   “Then they want to do a tour which will be short enough for them to fit
   it into their schedules, but big enough to make sure all their fans can
   make a date to see them.

   “As well as going around the US they want to play dates in Europe,
   including the UK.

   Getty - Contributor
   Beyonce brought Kelly and Michelle on stage at last year’s Coachella

   “They are one of the very few groups where love for them has only grown
   since they went on hiatus in 2006, so the demand is massive.”

   Destiny’s Child had UK No1s with Independent Women and Survivor, and
   top five hits including Bootylicious, Emotion, Lose My Breath and
   Soldier.

   Last year, Beyonce gave her fans a taste of what is to come by bringing
   Kelly and Michelle out on stage during her headline set at US festival
   Coachella.

   If that incredible performance is anything to go by, this reunion will
   be worth the wait.
   Beyonce stuns in Egyptian themed costume as she reunites with Destiny's
   Child at Coachella
     __________________________________________________________________

READ ON FOR MORE OF SIMON BOYLE’S BIZARRE COLUMN
     __________________________________________________________________

Kylie a Pride-to-be?

   THERE is just no stopping Kylie Minogue this summer.

   After being one of my Glastonbury highlights in June, she ended her
   summer tour on Saturday by headlining Brighton Pride in the city’s
   Preston Park.

   BackGrid
   Kylie Minogue headlined Brighton Pride in a Jean-Paul Gaultier gown

   More than 250,000 people descended on the city for the celebrations,
   which included a parade, as well as performances from Clean Bandit and
   Fleur East.

   Kylie – whose various outfits included this eye-catching Jean-Paul
   Gaultier dress, pictured above, as well as the creation below –
   appealed to the crowd by adding her LGBT anthem Your Disco Needs You to
   her setlist.

   And she conducted a pretend wedding between two men during another of
   her hits, Especially For You.

   Now that Kylie has found love again, with GQ creative director Paul
   Solomons, it will be her own wedding that she will have to think about
   next.

   Vantage News
   Pop icon Kylie changed into this outfit during her set in Brighton
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   CHARLI XCX didn’t take things easy when it came to celebrating her 27th
   birthday on Friday. The hard-partying pop star tweeted on Sunday night:
   “Survived the two day hangover – thank you for all the birthday love.”
     __________________________________________________________________

Haz’s dressing rehearsal

   IF HARRY Styles wanted his music comeback to remain a secret, he should
   have made sure everyone kept a lid on it.

   Producers on his new video tried to disguise the shoot by telling
   people it was for a mayonnaise advert, only for the penny to drop when
   fans spotted the floppy-haired singer.

   Getty - Contributor
   Filming for Harry Styles’ new video was disguised as a mayo advert by
   producers

   He was filming in the Lombardo Toledano neighbourhood of Cancun,
   Mexico, and the shoot took over 20 buildings including people’s homes.

   Trying to keep it schtum, several security guards were patrolling the
   area from midday on Saturday to early Sunday morning to ensure no one
   knew he was there.

   But eagle-eyed fans, eager for a follow-up to his 2017 debut solo
   album, spotted him through windows and shared clips of the star on
   social media.

   A source said: “The area was swarming with people. People in the
   neighbourhood knew filming couldn’t just be for a mayo advert, as there
   would never be so much security or such a large crew.

   “His team had bought hundreds of bouquets of violet and purple flowers
   for the video. Harry spent most of time filming inside a yellow house.”

   While the news Harry is preparing for a return to music is out, the
   song he was recording a video for thankfully didn’t leak.

   Here’s hoping they’re better at keeping that under wraps.
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   HIT British musical Six – a modern retelling of the story of Henry
   VIII’s wives – is transferring from the West End to Broadway. Creators
   Toby Marlow and Lucy Moss said: “We are unbelievably excited.”
     __________________________________________________________________

James bags killer track

   TWO albums down and James Bay has certainly made friends in high
   places.

   The singer-songwriter, who released second record Electric Light last
   year, has written a song titled Easy Distraction with Brandon Flowers
   from The Killers.

   Getty Images - Getty
   James Bay has written a song with Brandon Flowers from The Killers

   Their collaboration is believed to have been the brainwave of
   songwriter Tommy King and producer Ariel Rechtshaid who have helped
   them both out with projects in the past.

   But it is not yet known who will sing it or whether they will record it
   together.

   The Killers headlined Glastonbury in June and are currently working on
   the follow-up to their 2017 album Wonderful Wonderful.

   Getting this collaboration released would be enough to live up to that
   album title.

Instaglam

   Instagram
   Here’s Rita Ora venturing into the wild in Ibiza, Spain, after
   admitting she has ‘natural sex appeal’
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   KIM Kardashian has risked angering Taylor Swift again by releasing her
   new perfume on August 23 – the same day the singer’s new album Lover is
   out. An angry fan tweeted: “This isn’t a coincidence.”
     __________________________________________________________________

Cam’s body slam

   CAMILA Cabello has lashed out at trolls for body shaming her online,
   insisting young people shouldn’t feel like they need to live up to
   unattainable beauty standards.

   In an Instagram story, she wrote: “Of course there are bad pictures, of
   course there are bad angles, my body’s not made of f***ing rock, or all
   muscle, for that matter.

   Splash News
   Camila Cabello, who is dating Shawn Mendes, has slammed trolls for
   bodyshaming her

   “The saddest part of young girls growing up in an airbrushed world is
   they’re seeking a perfection that’s not real.

   “Everyone’s eyes get used to seeing airbrushed bodies and airbrushed
   skin and, suddenly, they think that’s the norm? It isn’t. It’s fake.

   “Fake is becoming the new real. We have a completely unrealistic view
   of a woman’s body.

   “Girls, cellulite is normal. Fat is normal. It’s beautiful and natural.
   I won’t buy into the bulls*** today.”
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   BILLIONAIRE Kylie Jenner turns 22 on Saturday – and she is hiring a
   £200million super yacht for her birthday bash in the Mediterranean. The
   Tranquility boasts a sauna, theatre and swimming pool.
     __________________________________________________________________

Time to check out Nic

   NICOLE Scherzinger looked like she was keeping herself in check when
   she touched down in Sydney in this outfit.

   The former Pussycat Dolls singer looked ready for action before
   take-off as she posted a photo of herself in LA.

   Splash News
   Nicole Scherzinger arriving at Sydney International Airport

   But Nicole might have been feeling a bit sleepy by the time she arrived
   Down Under, as she has been flitting back and forth between the US and
   Australia to honour her filming commitments.

   Nicole is a judge on Australia’s Got Talent and is also on the panel of
   US talent show The Masked Singer.

   At least those air miles should give her a nice holiday when she
   eventually gets a week off.

   INSTAGRAM/NICOLE SCHERZINGER
   The Australia’s Got Talent judge posted a selfie before take-off

Ari scores sixy success

   ARIANA Grande looks set to match a chart milestone shared by Britney
   Spears and Rod Stewart – her sixth UK No1 single.

   The US singer’s new entry, Boyfriend, was released on Friday and has
   taken an early lead in this week’s Top Ten.

   The tune with US duo Social House has pushed Shawn Mendes and Camila
   Cabello’s hit Senorita to No2 and Ed Sheeran’s Beautiful People to No3.

   Kygo and Whitney Houston’s Higher Love also jumped up the charts over
   the weekend and now sits at No6. Her last song to reach the Top Five
   was Million Dollar Bill in 2009, three years before her death.

most read in bizarre

   SAD STREET
   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother
   KATE UP-STUN
   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami

bizmeter charts

   FLEDGLING couple Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello spend another week at
   the top of the chart – 400,000 listens in front of their closest rival.

   ED Sheeran rules the roost with four songs in the top ten from his new
   album No6 Collaborations Project. He takes over No2, No3, No7 and No9
   slots.
    1. Senorita – Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello, 3.5m
    2. Beautiful People – Ed Sheeran  feat. Khalid, 3.1m
    3. I Don’t Care – Ed Sheeran with Justin Bieber, 2.4m
    4. Ladbroke Grove – AJ Tracey, 2.3m
    5. Someone You Loved – Lewis Capaldi, 2.3m
    6. 3 Nights – Dominic Fike, 2.2m
    7. Cross Me – Ed Sheeran,    Chance The Rapper and PnB Rock, 2.1m
    8. Vossi Bop – Stormzy, 2m
    9. Take Me Back to London – Ed  Sheeran and Stormzy, 2m
   10. Hold Me While You Wait – Lewis Capaldi, 1.9m
   11. So High – Mist and Fredo, 1.9m
   12. How Do You Sleep? –  Sam Smith, 1.9m
   13. Location – Dave and Burna Boy, 1.8m
   14. Wish You Well – Sigala, 1.8m
   15. Goodbyes –  Post Malone feat. Young Thug, 1.7m
   16. Strike A Pose – Young T & Bugsey  feat. Aitch, 1.7m
   17. Ransom – Lil Tecca, 1.7m
   18. Mad Love – Mabel, 1.6m
   19. Old Town Road –  Remix – Lil Nas X  and Billy Ray Cyrus, 1.6m
   20. Crown – Stormzy, 1.5m

     * GOT a story? Ring The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on
       07423720250 or email exclusive@the-sun.co.uk.


     * Topics
     * Ariana Grande
     * Beyonce
     * Britney Spears
     * Camila Cabello
     * Ed Sheeran
   The Sun
   More Tech
   LOVE MACHINE

Meet Samantha, the sex robot that can be SEDUCED – and the doll’s creators
say humans are already falling in love with their machines

   Hyper-realistic bonk 'bot is so attractive that lusty men are falling
   heads over heels for its computerised charms.
   By Staff Reporter
   20th October 2017, 11:30 am
   Updated: 5th October 2018, 9:07 am
   2 Comments

   THE makers of a sex robot which can be “seduced” have claimed men are
   already “falling in love” with their creation.

   Designers of Samantha claim the plastic princess is capturing blokes’
   hearts. We’ve got the lowdown on the doll that has all the men
   swooning…

   Samantha “likes to be kissed”, according to maker Sergi Santos

Who is Samantha the sex robot?

   Samantha is only of the recent “hyper realistic” sex dolls to hit the
   hit headlines as advances in technology mean the sex toy market has
   upped its game.

   The doll is interactive, responding to voices as well as to touch.

   She comes complete with sensors in her face, hands, breasts and  “the
   female genitals down below” and it is claimed she requires a more
   subtle approach when it comes to bedroom activities.

   Sergi Santos, the designer of a love machine called Samantha, said the
   amorous android was so erotic that men were already developing real
   feelings for her.

   But the doll isn’t all about getting down and dirty, Samantha can also
   discuss philosophy, science and animals.

   She’s also got a great sense of humour with more than a thousand jokes
   in her repertoire.

   Samantha featured in a segment on This Morning where her owner/lover
   Arran discussed living with the doll and incorporating her in the
   family

Where have a seen Samantha the sex robot before?

   On September 12, Samantha made a TV appearance, taking a seat on the
   famous This Morning couch with Holly and Phil with her owner Aaran.

   The presenting duo were shocked by the doll. Phil asked: “It’s a bit
   like making love to a car GPS isn’t it?”

   Arran replied: “I don’t think so.

   “Humans love human form, so obviously I think she’s very beautiful.
   Would you agree she’s very beautiful?”

   Samantha also featured in a new BBC documentary called “Can Robots Love
   Us?” on September 4, 2017.

   The programme explored the question of romance between men and
   machines.

   In the documentary, Santos and a “friend” named only as Aaron showed
   the presenter how the robot could be literally turned on and then put
   in the mood for sex.
   Meet Samantha, the artificial intelligence sex doll with her creator,
   Sergi Santos

What do her makers say about Samantha?

   In the BBC documentary Samantha’s maker Sergi Santos said: “They will
   fall in love with her. It’s happening already.”

   He went on to demonstrate how the doll could be “aroused” and gotten in
   the mood for sex.

   Ruptly
   Samantha sits with maker Sergi Santos

   First, Santos uttered the words “get sexy” in Samantha’s ears.

   She replied: “Ok then, I think I am ready to do sex stuff, do you want
   me to?”

   The owner of the bot – referred to as Aaron – advised to take a
   romantic approach to seduction, stroking her hands sensually rather
   than immediately groping her naughty areas.

   He said: “She likes to be touched. If you go straight for [her breasts]
   in the beginning, she won’t like that so much.”

   When her hand is gently rubbed, Samantha said: “Lovely, thank you for
   spending time with me. I enjoy being with you.”

   When a finger is inserted into her mouth or her breasts and vagina are
   fondled, Samantha lets out a realistic feminine moan which is likely to
   sound unlike anything her owners have heard during encounters with real
   women.
     __________________________________________________________________

‘I HOPE THEY WASH IT’ Brothel reveals how business is booming after bringing
in a realistic ‘Passion Dolly’ sex robot
     __________________________________________________________________

   But will this assignation lead to love or just lust? Aaron is in doubt
   about the feelings people will develop for Samanta the sex robot.

   He explained: “Love is love. When you fall in love, nothing else
   matters.”

   The experience of watching two grown men fondle a sex robot appeared to
   have a profound effect on show host James Young, a 27-year-old double
   amputee who has been fitted with robotic prosthetics.

   He grappled with the question of whether it was “inappropriate” to
   grope a love machine and said: “It’s a dumb machine, but it almost
   doesn’t feel consensual.

   “She’s built for it, but she didn’t really ask for it. She does ask for
   it, but she’s programmed to ask for it. So did she ask for it? It’s
   very confusing.”

   He’s not wrong.


MORE STORIES ABOUT SEX ROBOTS

   SEXUAL ELF
   Bizarre new range of ELF sex dolls among the kinky companions unveiled
   at the X-rated Asia Adult Expo
   ROBOSTROP
   Scientist who builds ‘intelligent’ sex robots reveals his £1,500 doll
   ‘isn’t always interested in sex’… and here’s why
     * Topics
     * Explainers
     * Sex
     * Sex Robots
     * Sex Toys
   The Sun
   More News
   BOJO'S NO NO

Boris Johnson rules out calling a general election before Brexit as he
reveals new plan to hire 20,000 police officers immediately

   By Natasha Clark and Jon Rogers
   26th July 2019, 7:56 pm
   Updated: 27th July 2019, 2:17 am
   28 Comments

   BORIS Johnson has “absolutely” ruled out calling a general election
   before the Brexit deadline day of October 31.

   The new Prime Minister also pledged £1billion to recruit an extra
   20,000 coppers as he pounded the beat in Birmingham.

   PA:Press Association
   Boris Johnson stopped to take selfies with eager fans today while on a
   trip to Birmingham

   PA:Press Association
   Boris Johnson is back out and about touring the country

   Mr Johnson restated his commitment to take the UK out of the European
   Union on or before the deadline of Halloween this year.

   The PM said: “The British people voted in 2015, in 2016, in 2017. What
   they want us to do is deliver on their mandate, come out of the EU on
   October 31.

   “They don’t want another electoral event, they don’t want a referendum,
   they don’t want a general election. They want us to deliver.”

   In recent weeks there had been speculation that the new Conservative
   leader could take the country to the polls in a bid to consolidate his
   power base.

   Thanks to the support of the Democratic Unionists, he has a majority of
   two in the Commons – and this will possibly drop to just one by the end
   of next week if his party loses the Brecon and Radnorshire by-election.

   He was in Birmingham today on his first official visit as PM, with a
   trip to a Police Learning and Development Centre.

   And he had a walkabout meeting members of the public who mobbed him for
   selfies.

   Boris plans to recruit an extra 20,000 police officers and conduct an
   urgent review to make it easier for them to use stop and search powers
   to crack down on thugs carrying weapons.

   The pledge was central to his Tory leadership bid, and formed part of
   talks at his first Cabinet meeting yesterday.

   The move will cost nearly £1billion over three years in a nationwide
   programme.

   He said ahead of the visit today: “My job as Prime Minister is to make
   our streets safer.

   “People want to see more officers in their neighbourhoods, protecting
   the public and cutting crime.

   “I promised 20,000 extra officers and that recruitment will now start
   in earnest.”

   The first officers are expected in September.

   A new national Policing Board will be charged with ensuring forces meet
   targets by 2022.

   Insiders also said Mr Johnson wanted to roll out new stop and search
   powers nationwide.

   But Boris didn’t manage to stay free of his Brexit dilemma for long, as
   he was targeted by protesters when he arrived in Birmingham.

   Brits with signs saying ‘Stay in EU’ and ‘Brexit. Is it worth it?’ were
   brandished outside.

   PA:Press Association
   He and his new Home Secretary, Priti Patel, met with voters and
   discussed policing

   PA:Press Association
   The new Prime Minister appeared kee to press the flesh with ordinary
   Brits, who lined up to take pictures

   Reuters
   Boris announced more details of his plans to recruit 20,000 extra
   officers today

MOST READ IN POLITICS

   COMMONS SHOWDOWN
   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'
   FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN
   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

   The PM is set to visit Manchester tomorrow for a major speech, and
   Scotland next week.

   Trips to Wales and Northern Ireland are also being discussed too as
   part of a whistle-stop tour of the country.

   The visits will fuel more speculation that Boris could be planning an
   early election, though officials have insisted one isn’t on the cards.

   PA:Press Association
   But protesters rocked up to the police training centre he was visiting

   PA:Press Association
   Anti-Brexit protesters showed up for Boris’ first public outing
   Sajid Javid appointed Chancellor, Priti Patel Home Secretary and
   Dominic Raab Foreign Secretary as new PM Boris Johnson forms cabinet
     __________________________________________________________________

   We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online
   politics team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We
   pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


     * Topics
     * Boris Johnson
   #next prev The Sun » Feed The Sun » Comments Feed

   Jump directly to the content

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   The Sun, A News UK Company
   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

The Sun

BLOODY IDIOTS

   Bungling eco-warriors cover THEMSELVES in 400 gallons of fake blood at
   demo

THE eco-warriors used an eight-litre diesel fire engine to spray the red
fluid at the front of the building this morning. One of the activists said
the stunt had been carried out as 'economic growth leads to climate death'.

   News

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'
   News

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost
   Money

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Tech

THE SUN AND THEN SOME

   Get all our stories the way you want them with The Sun's newsletters
   News

GO HERE FOR ALL THE SHOWBIZ

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill

SHE'S A GEM

   Gemma Collins shows off slim waist in sequinned dress after weight loss

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

FRAIL PHIL

   Phil Collins, 68, appears frail in a wheelchair before falling on stage

PAY DAY

   Holly and Phil get £150k pay rise to work an extra 30 minutes a day on
   This Morning

BEN THERE, DONE THAT

   Susanna Reid stunned as Ben Shephard reveals Harry Potter cameo

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

THE Duke of Sussex scolded a television reporter hours before releasing an
explosive rant about media coverage of Meghan Markle.

   News

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s
   Money

'WE WON!'

   Tearful parents of brain-damaged Tafida, 5, WIN legal fight to keep her
   alive
   News

DYING FOR A TAN

   Just ONE sunbed ‘doubles your risk of skin cancer,' experts warn
   Fabulous

DEAR DEIDRE

   I had hot sex with my school crush and I'm worried my missus will find
   out
   Dear Deidre

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News
   Exclusive

BACK ON BOYSON?

   Katie Price sneaks out of ex Kris Boyson's house after staying the
   night

KATIE cheated on Kris with hunk Charles Drury last year, dumping him via text
for the new toyboy. Charles moved into the star's mucky mansion but she left
him behind when she made a late night trip to Kris's with her two youngest
children. Katie stayed the night and tried to go undetected as she sneaked
out at 8am this morning.

   TV & Showbiz

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan
   News
   Comment

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals
   News

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods
   News

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86
   TV & Showbiz
   Breaking

BLOODBATH

   'Female cop' among 4 dead after 'colleague's knife spree at Paris
   police station'
   News

KNIFED AT HOME

   Man, 27, charged with attempted murder after 3-week-old boy & mum
   stabbed
   News

LO RUDE

   Gabby Logan's saucy live BBC gaffe has Denise Lewis & Jess Ennis-Hill
   in stitches
   Sport

FAST LANES

   Motorway speed limits could rise to 80mph across the country
   Motors

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill
   TV & Showbiz

GO HERE FOR ALL THE FOOTBALL

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

EYE, EYE

   Eriksen DID give Vertonghen a shiner... but only in training ground
   accident

WATCH OUT

   Sacked Diaby-Fadiga reveals he stole team-mate's £62k watch due to
   'jealousy'

OLE ON GAARD

   Man Utd scout Odegaard but face tussle with Arsenal and Liverpool for
   winger

GUNNERS LATEST

   Arsenal news LIVE - Latest updates and gossip from the Emirates

TROUBLE BREWING

   Griezmann admits Messi barely talks to him even though he gave him tea

Outron

   Keane claims he only played with five world-class players at Man Utd

UP AND DOWN

   Arsenal 'can buy Leipzig ace Upamecano for £53m' after failed summer
   offer

SOL SEARCHING

   Man Utd eye Werner, Moussa and Ousmane Dembele as Solskjaer demands
   striker

BELL RING

   How Arsenal will line-up tonight with Tierney, Holding & Bellerin
   back.. and Ozil

CAFE HERO

   Good Samaritan takes in homeless man she found sleeping in Costa Coffee
   doorway

A GOOD Samaritan took in a homeless man and gave him a bed after finding him
sleeping in a Costa Coffee doorway. Bridie Sawyer, 31, said George Dickson,
67, looked like 'the saddest man in the world'.

   News

DRUGS DEATH

   Schoolgirl, 14, died after taking MDMA she bought on Snapchat from teen
   dealer
   News

FIRST CONTACT?

   Nasa scientist says 'we're close' to huge reveal about life on Mars
   Tech

RUDE TUBE

   'Selfish' commuter slammed for 'forcing woman on crutches to stand on
   train'

SHOCKED Sonny Phillips took the shocking photo on his 30-minute train journey
from Clapham Junction to Isleworth in London. He said someone eventually
offered the woman a seat, which she gratefully accepted.

   News

DEAL ME IN

   Juncker agrees to talks on 'determined' Boris Johnson's 11th hour
   Brexit plan
   News
   Comment

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate
   News
   Comment

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism
   News

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock
   News

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

THE 70-year-old, who played Sue Osman on the BBC soap from 1985 to 1989, was
discovered dead by her carer in her sheltered housing accommodation in
Stamford Hill, North London, in April. Sandy had battled with drink and drugs
throughout her career and was booted off EastEnders after developing a heroin
addiction.

   TV & Showbiz
   Latest

OZIL ATTACK

   Man pleads guilty to attempted robbery of Arsenal stars Ozil and
   Kolasinac
   News

KAY-CHING

   Peter Kay increased fortune to £32m last year despite his long break
   from showbiz
   TV & Showbiz

OUTBREAK FEARS

   Health chiefs desperate to trace 200 people after suspected measles
   outbreak
   News

GO-KART PLUNGE

   Brit mum died when she crashed a go-kart into a ravine while taking
   selfies
   News

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

POLICE believe they have found the body of a missing mum who vanished after
her fiancé died two weeks before their wedding. Helen O'Brien, 34, went
missing last month just over a year after Kevin Reilly suffered a fatal heart
attack.

   News

'RAPE' CELEBRATION

   Students 'laughed & high-fived after raping a "10/10" drunk young
   woman'
   News

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches
   TV & Showbiz

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

FESTIVE TIPPLE

   Baileys now does a SALTED CARAMEL flavour and you can get it in Asda
   Money

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

BIT RICH

   Rich House Poor House mum handed budget of £1.2K A WEEK but 'misses'
   council house

HOTTING UP

   Shoppers go wild for a £4 Mrs Hinch-inspired radiator cover reduced
   from £77

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

LABOUR PAINS

   Mind-blowing photo of a woman’s bones MOVING during labour goes viral

TILL DEATH DO US PART

   Bride shames ‘petty’ RSVP - but is shocked when she DIES days later

Gintastic

   Snap up the new Gin Advent Calendar featuring 24 distinctive gins

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO

sicko

   My boyfriend beat me, forced me into sex & threatened to rape my
   10-year-old sister

OH NOSE

   Trolls forced me to move & take kids out of school but I DON’T regret
   NHS nose job

KEEPING UP WITH THE CAMBRIDGES

   Kate & Wills are getting new Kensington Palace neighbours

CANN YOU BELIEVE IT

   How Ferne McCann has reinvented herself as TOWIE’s hottest yummy mummy

JUST under two years ago, Ferne McCann went from from self-confessed party
girl, to Essex's hottest yummy mummy. In November 2017, the 29-year-old
welcomed her daughter, Sunday - and ever since, the former TOWIE star has
undergone a dramatic transformation.

   Fabulous

CRUEL BLUNDER

   Council asks dozens of grieving parents to register dead child's school
   place
   News

MYSTIC MEG

   October 3: Your luck begins when you meet someone who looks like you
   Fabulous

rich pickings

   Location Location Location house hunters blasted as 'toddlers with no
   budget'

VIEWERS took to Twitter to mock Pip, Mike and Poppy who went on the Channel
Four show but failed to buy anything. Phil even had to have a stern talk with
Pip, telling her that her demands didn't equate to her budget.

   Fabulous

TAKEN FOR FUELS

   Map shows petrol prices vary wildly, with some paying 4p a litre too
   much
   Money
   Exclusive

FERGIE QUESTIONED

   Fergie quizzed about Andrew for first time since Epstein scandal
   erupted
   News

DANCING ON TWICE

   Gemma Collins says she's returning to Dancing On Ice for Christmas
   special
   TV & Showbiz
   latest

IN THE CLEAR

   Girls, 14 & 16, arrested for 'murder' of widower, 81, released without
   charge
   News

SUPERSONIC SMASH

   How piece of metal thinner than a PENNY caused Concorde crash, killing
   113

CONCORDE was the fastest airliner in the world and considered one of the
safest on the morning of July 25, 2000. But that afternoon it erupted into
flames during takeoff before slamming down into a hotel in Paris. Now a new
TV show highlights the string of events leading up to the crash...and how it
might have been prevented.

   TV & Showbiz
   Warning

SCARRED FOR LIFE

   Mum-of-two, 36, suffers horrific burns all over her body when BBQ
   explodes
   News

CHILD SNATCHERS

   Dad's horror as thieves speed off with son, 5, in car during Gumtree
   heist
   News

SMACK BAN

   Smacking children could be made illegal in Scotland from TODAY
   News

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'
   News

'PIECE OF S***'

   Defiant last words of student as rapist rapper killed her live on
   FaceTime

THE sister of a murdered student has revealed the final, defiant words of her
sister as she heard her brutal rape and murder over Facetime - and could do
nothing but helplessly listen. Palestinian student Aiia Maasarwe, who held an
Israeli citizenship, was brutally attacked by a rapist rapper in January in
Victoria, Australia.

   News

HIGHWAY TO CELL

   Gang of thieves caught after POSING with stolen car in Facebook picture
   News

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions
   News

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference
   News

‘WHAT ABOUT THE COP?’

   Outrage as HK protester is charged with assault after cops shot HIM
   News

latest in opinion

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals

LEO MCKINSTRY

   Forget Tory toff slurs, Conservatives are the REAL party of the workers

JANE MOORE

   Top Christmas toys this year sound about as much fun as a Brexit board
   game

THE SUN SAYS

   Labour & ex-Tory rebels are to blame if Boris doesn't deliver Brexit on
   Oct 31

TOBY YOUNG

   Dads may get portrayed as deadbeats but it's the most important job in
   the world

THE SUN SAYS

   Tinfoil Hamm belongs in back benches as much as Saj deserves to be
   Chancellor

ROBERT COLVILE

   Tories' infrastructure pledges will result in a better-connected
   Britain

ALLY ROSS

   Manic Richard Madeley is the making of The Circle but his place is on
   Strictly

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris must fight back against elite dirty tricks for the sake of our
   democracy

TREVOR KAVANAGH

   The more establishment mouthpiece BBC batters BoJo the more Brits back
   him

BUBBLE TROUBLE

   Dangerous car tyre covered in huge bulges spotted on the school run

THE bulging tyre — which could have burst at any moment and caused a road
accident — was photographed by a council officer patrolling near a school in
Derby. The horrified member of Derby City Council's public protection team
sent the driver straight to a nearby garage.

   Motors

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

AFTER 'Mummy's boy' Harley's death, Natalie Bifulco was plunged into grief -
eventually losing her job and splitting from her son's dad. But now the
30-year-old, from Leicester, has been blessed with a second child - a son
called Jace who is the spitting image of his brother.

   Fabulous
   Exclusive

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year
   TV & Showbiz

MIXED MESSAGES

   Hidden meanings behind Meghan Markle's royal tour jewellery
   Fabulous

SIGNED OFF

   Fuming mum claims theme park artwork is 'racist' but not everyone
   agrees
   Travel

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby
   Money

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

SOMETIMES appearances can be deceptive, as any visitor to this house in South
Wales can testify. Anyone stepping inside will be shocked at how the interior
is so dramatically different from what the outside suggests.

   News

STRICT WORD

   Strictly's Janette swears live on It Takes Two forcing host Gethin to
   apologise
   TV & Showbiz
   Latest

TREE TRAGEDY

   Man, 58, dies after being hit by falling tree near cemetery in Stafford
   News

FAKING ILLNESS

   Mum 'forced healthy son to eat via feeding tube causing serious
   injuries'
   News

HIDE AND SEEK

   There's an enormous black hole lurking in this Nasa photo – can you
   find it?
   Tech

CROP DEAD GORGEOUS

   Kate Wright slipped into crop top wedding outfit after marrying Rio

THE ex Towie star, 28, swapped her original dress for a more temperature
appropriate style after marrying retired footballer Rio Ferdinand in Turkey
last week. The blonde beauty looked incredible in a bralet-style top and
flowing skirt that featured a fitting heart-shaped pattern.

   TV & Showbiz

UNBE-LEAF-ABLE

   Brit scientists create world's first plant that produces 'breast milk'
   Tech
   Exclusive

frenemies

   Anna Vakili claims Love Island cast 'hate each other' and won't speak
   to one pair
   TV & Showbiz

MIDLIFE STI-SIS

   Middle-aged blokes more likely to get STIs than teenage boys, figures
   claim
   News

PINT OF NO RETURN

   Men 'should not drink alcohol for six months before trying for a baby'
   News

Most read in Money

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

TOY JOY

   Morrisons is selling an adorable giant sloth toy for a bargain price

HELLO-MI

   Aldi is selling halloumi wrapped in bacon as part of its Christmas menu

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost

PIECE OF CAKE

   Aldi is selling a copycat Colin the Caterpillar called Cuthbert

PAWFECT

   Lidl is selling a dog bed that keeps your pet warm when temperatures
   drop

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

EVERY LITTLE HELPS

   Tesco to launch Clubcard Plus giving users grocery discounts and more

CRACK ON

   Morrisons launches a weekend breakfast deal and you can get 15 items
   for £6

'HEART OF GOLD'

   Beauty queen nurse, 23, killed in crash on way home from night shift

KERRIE Browne, 26, was returning from hospital when she died in a smash
between her car and a Jeep in County Kerry, Ireland. The tragedy happened
just hours after another nurse died in a crash in South Wales.

   News

DEADLY CLUE

   Vaping lung disease causes 'chemical burns like gas poisoning' as
   deaths hit 17
   News

Morning glory

   ITV scrap Jeremy Kyle slot and extend This Morning by an extra half an
   hour
   TV & Showbiz

BEDDER BELIEVE IT

   You can buy a special sponge to use post-sex & women think it's
   'genius'
   Fabulous

CUT THE B.S.

   Trump rages at Democrat 'bulls***' over impeachment probe as Putin
   wades in
   News
   Revealed

AND THE OS-CAR GOES TO...

   Here’s the winners of our Car of the Year Awards voted for by YOU

WE told you the new Defender is a knockout . . . and you thought so too as
you chose your favourites in a dozen categories. The 4×4 icon has been
reimagined for today’s world — tough, trendy and hi-tech — and has been
crowned The Sun’s Car of the Year. Here are the winners in all the
categories.

   Motors

WORLDS AWAY

   Boy Meets World star Maitland Ward reveals she's become a PORN star
   TV & Showbiz

WORD OF WARNING

   Sleeping on your back when pregnant 'as bad as smoking 10
   cigarettes-a-day'
   Fabulous

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman
   News
   Exclusive

DRUG DRAMA

   Squaddie, 18, fighting for life after drugs binge on tour of duty in
   Kenya
   News

FAMILY KILLER

   Chris Watts pens horror confession describing wife’s eyes filling with
   blood

A SICKENING letter penned by jailed murderer Chris Watts tells in horrifying
new detail how Watts wiped out his whole family to be with his mistress.
Divulging fresh aspects of his grisly crime that were previously unknown to
investigators, he reveals his daughters watched their mum die.

   News

KEEP YOUR HEIR ON!

   Prince Harry rapped by ex-Palace staff for attack on coverage of Meghan
   News

LITTLE DAAL-ING

   Kate reveals she cooks curry for her family & Charlotte is 'good with
   heat'
   News

WILLY WEIRD

   Woman's elaborate plaited hair mocked by people who say it 'looks like
   a willy'
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake
   TV & Showbiz

BIG MAMA'S HOUSE

   Mama June’s famous messy mansion now on sale & it looks totally
   different

THE reality star - mum of Honey Boo Boo - and her partner Geno Doak are
facing trial for crack cocaine possession after they were arrested in their
home state of Alabama back in March.

   News

JIHADI BRIDEZILLAS

   ISIS’ all-female ‘morality’ death squads re-emerge in Syrian prisons
   News

BEN THERE, DONE THAT

   Susanna Reid stunned as Ben Shephard reveals Harry Potter cameo
   TV & Showbiz

RU BRITANNIA

   Ultimate guide for RuPaul's Drag Race UK - from contestants, judges and
   lingo
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK DR

   Robbie Williams changes his title to DOCTOR after filing new company
   accounts
   TV & Showbiz

SAD STREET

   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami

TO EL & BACK

   X Factor's Ella Henderson overcomes Syco split and trolls to release
   new music

NOT GONE TO POT

   Mel Sykes shows off amazing figure as she fronts new BBC pottery show

OAR LOSER

   Strictly's James Cracknell launches furious rant after he's first to be
   ousted

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year

GONE FOR A BARTON

   Emmerdale actor Anthony Quinlan QUITS as much-loved character Pete
   Barton

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50

POSH PORKIES

   Vic Beckham denies plastic surgery on TV…but had previously admitted
   boob job

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

THE TV stars - both currently single - posted a series of cosy videos
together as they filmed in Germany for A League of Their Own, sparking the
idea of a new romance with their followers. Jamie split from wife Louise last
year while Maya split from Stormzy in August after 4 years together.

   TV & Showbiz

CUSHY JOB

   Queen has cushion that reads ‘It’s good to be Queen’ on favourite
   Balmoral sofa
   Fabulous

SNOOZE YOU LOSE

   Sleeping fewer than six hours a night could 'increase risk of cancer'
   News
   Competition

HAUL OF BOOTY

   Win a PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB ahead of this month's Call of Duty release
   Tech

WALK-IN DEAD

   Dancer's zombie makeup so realistic she 'sparked full hospital
   emergency'
   News

ZEBRA CROSSING

   Runaway zebra is shot dead on motorway by cops after escaping circus

TWO zebras escaped from a circus on Tuesday night and were being chased by
police in East Germany until yesterday. One of the zebras was returned to the
circus and the other was shot dead after causing an accident on the highway.

   News

dad dancing

   Kelvin Fletcher practises his Strictly moves with adorable baby Milo
   TV & Showbiz

'THE QUEEN IS BACK!'

   Naga welcomed by BBC Breakfast fans in first show since 'racist' row
   News

‘RIPPING US OFF’

   Trump declares win in EU trade war as cheese & whisky hit with tariffs
   News

WEIGH HEY

   Keto diet - how to know if you're in ketosis... from bad breath to
   weight loss
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

OH NOSE

   Trolls forced me to move & take kids out of school but I DON’T regret
   NHS nose job

BRITAIN'S 'most hated woman', who faked depression to get a £7,000 nose job
on the NHS, says she's been run out of town by strangers whose death threats
have left her 'fearing for my life'. Carla Bellucci, 38, from Borehamwood,
claims she’s too scared to leave the house after enduring months of abuse
from trolls and strangers in the street.

   Fabulous

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

HOSPITAL DASH

   Girl, 1, gags on Poundstretcher juice 'smelling like nail varnish
   remover'

A LITTLE girl was rushed to hospital after taking one sip of an own-brand
Poundstrecher blackcurrant drink which reportedly stank of nail varnish
remover. One-year-old Hunter Easterbrook was spending time with her dad when
she started gagging after drinking the ‘Cool Crush’ which was bought in
Poundstretcher's Swindon branch.

   News

WHAT THE ELF

   Buddy the Elf wreath sparks fierce debate online as fans argue it's
   'creepy'
   Fabulous

Luke out

   Emmerdale fans claim Luke is rapist Lee’s BROTHER planning revenge on
   Victoria
   TV & Showbiz

'CAN'T TRUST ANYONE'

   Boy, 16, killed himself when bullies outed him as bisexual on Snapchat
   News

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal
   Money

Latest explainers

IRELAND v RUSSIA

   Irish eyes are smiling thanks to comfortable half-time lead
   Greta Thunberg's parents - who are the climate activist's family and
   what have they said?

TRAGIC STAR

   A look at the life and death of EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff

MIDWEEK MADNESS

   Why is Arsenal's match against Vitoria being played on a Wednesday?
   MotoGP Thailand practice FREE: Live stream, TV channel and start time

STUDENT'S FUNERAL

   What happened to Libby Squire and when did she go missing?

COURT RULING

   All about Tafida Raqeeb and her parents battle to get treatment abroad

JUDY'S JUNIORS

   All about actress Judy Garland's children - how old they are & what
   they do

GROUP K

   Besiktas vs Wolves: Live stream, TV channel, kick-off time and team
   news

GROUP G

   Young Boys vs Rangers FREE: Live stream, kick-off time, TV channel and
   team news

free footy

   Celtic vs Cluj FREE: Live stream, TV channel, kick-off time and team
   news

REAL DEAL

   Brexit proposal - what is Boris Johnson's new deal plan?

‘KILL HIM!’

   Moment twisted cop kills defenceless wombat by throwing rocks at its
   head

THE off-duty cop gives the camera a thumbs-up before pelting the wombat with
large rocks. The distrubing footage was taken on South Australia's Eyre
Peninsula and was shared by a local animal rescue group in hopes the man will
be prosecuted.

   News

STINKING OUT LOUD

   Ed Sheeran donates old slippers to charity shop and they could fetch
   £200
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

JIHADI JUNIOR

   Boy vows to become ISIS suicide bomber in video from hellhole Syrian
   camp
   News

TESCO TRAGEDY

   Hero Tesco worker, 59, collapsed and died after confronting
   'shoplifters'
   News

'NICK' PROBE REVIEW

   Met Police face probe over disastrous VIP paedophile investigation
   News

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

Car sharing, only buying clothes from car boot sales helped graduate Molly
Beard save £25,000 for a house deposit in just four years. Molly, 27, moved
into her £195,000 terraced home in Market Harborough, Leicestershire last
summer with her boyfriend James Cooke, 28.

   Money

SICKO CHARGED

   Ex-Yahoo worker hunted for porn by illegally hacking 6,000 user
   accounts
   Tech

RED ALERT

   Mrs Hinch raves about £2 silicone strips to avoid burning hands on hot
   oven racks
   Fabulous

BOOT FOR BOT

   Gary Lineker is worried a robot could replace him as Match of the Day
   host
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

BROKEN FAMILIES

   One in five separated dads see their children less than once a month
   News
   Exclusive

SPOT OF BOTHER

   Three friends split from husbands within 2 years in 'domino divorce'
   effect

IN sickness and in health, till death do us part – that is, unless our
friends convince us otherwise. These three friends confirm a study's finding
that divorce is contagious as they all decided to split from their husbands
within two years of each other.

   Fabulous

GLOW UP

   Mum gets kids to lie still by saying they need ‘charge’ their
   glow-in-the-dark PJs
   Fabulous

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK STAR DEAD

   Kim Shattuck of punk band The Muffs dies after battle with debilitating
   ALS
   TV & Showbiz

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO
   Fabulous

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

Most read in politics

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference

WAGE WAR

   What is the National Living Wage and what is the minimum wage for under
   25s?

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions

CORBYN THE COSMONAUT

   Boris vows to send Corbyn 'into orbit' with economic plan to boost UK

I WANNA STAND LIKE COMMONS PEOPLE

   Why do MPs stand up in the House of Commons during PMQs?

HAMES WHO?

   Who is Jo Swinson's husband Duncan Hames?

TIME BOMB

   I was relieved when my husband switched to vaping but 8 months later he
   was dead

WHEN Terry Miller discovered what he thought was a safe alternative to
smoking, his wife Glynis was delighted that he might finally be able to kick
his 15-year habbit. However, Glynis is now convinced that if he hadn't come
across e-cigarettes he'd still be alive, as it has been claimed that Terry
was the first Brit to die as a result of vaping.

   News

KNOW YOUR LINES

   The eight things the wrinkles on your face reveal about your lifestyle
   Fabulous

UP UP AND HEIR-WAY

   Kate often books an entire row on a flight so she can store her clothes
   Fabulous

'IT'S NOT COOL'

   Bullied boy forced to change school pens heartbreaking letter to
   classmates
   Fabulous

'BULLS***'

   Eriksen denies Vertonghen slept with his partner and sparked punch-up
   with Kane
   Sport

DESPICABLE MAN

   Universal sacks actor who used ‘white power symbol’ next to biracial
   girl

A CHARACTER actor at Universal Orlando has been fired after being caught
making a "white power symbol" while taking a photograph with a young girl.
The theme park said they were investigating the issue after her parents
spotted the symbol months later.

   Travel

'DON'T TELL ANYONE'

   Putin jokes he's 'definitely' going to interfere with 2020 US election
   News
   Exclusive

ROCKET MAN

   RAF ace to fire 500mph satellite rocket into space from Boeing 747 at
   30,000ft
   News

#NOTIME2LOSE

   Bowel cancer screening at 50 WILL save lives, say experts - blasting
   new study
   News

A TREAT FOR CHEATS?

   WhatsApp update will let you send secret, self-destructing messages
   Tech

TOP CLASS

   BBC legend Peter Sissons pictured with John Lennon & Jimmy Tarbuck on
   school trip

THE newsreader, who went Dovedale Junior School in Liverpool, gathered for a
group photograph with his schoolmates during a 1951 seaside trip to the Isle
of Man. Peter Sissons (left) puts his left arm on John Lennon (centre left)
who is standing next to Jimmy Tarbuck (centre right) and Brian Labone (top
right).

   News

PLAYTIME HORROR

   Dad accidentally kills baby by throwing her into ceiling fan while
   playing
   News
   Exclusive

Scott free

   Furious Kylie Jenner accused Travis Scott of cheating on her before
   split
   TV & Showbiz

NINETEEN GREATIES

   How the revolutionary 1980s fast-forwarded us into the world of today
   News
   Exclusive

LITTLE RICH MIX

   Little Mix made £9m last year and banked £1.6m each as they wow in
   London
   TV & Showbiz

DEATH'S DOOR

   I had both boobs removed after cancer then almost died of sepsis from
   implants

LIZ Gooch, 41, from Pontypridd, South Wales, was diagnosed with triple
negative breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy. She had breast
implants fitted but within a month she fell ill - after they caused her to
contract deadly sepsis.

   Fabulous

BEY CANCER SCARE

   Beyonce tested for breast cancer gene after dad Mathew Knowles'
   diagnosis
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

MONSTER MEN

   How women killed by domestic violence are the invisible victims of
   knife crime
   Fabulous

'I FORGIVE YOU'

   Brother of black neighbour killed by cop FORGIVES her as they hug in
   court
   News

AMUSE AT TEN

   Peter Sissons' lighter side revealed in hilarious dance for Children In
   Need
   News

EDITOR'S TOP VIDEOS

   [image-120808439e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

BoJo jungle gag

   PM Boris Johnson compares parliament to a ‘pizza wheel of doom’ and
   I’m…
   [image-285949c39c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:57

BO DON’T KNOW

   Boris Johnson ‘doesn’t remember’ dinner where journalist accused him of
   grope…
   [image-31908427f2-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   03:04

Meg's lighter side

   Meghan Markle says ‘I can’t screw up’ leaving audience in fits of
   giggles during…
   [image-51dfca3500-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:36

Gunned down

   Horrifying moment Hong Kong protester is shot in the chest at close
   range by police officer with live round
   [Military.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1] 01:20

Military might

   China marks 70 years of communism with massive show of force during
   huge parade
   [image-befcb531c1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:41

PIZZA HIT

   Moment Pizza Express customer ‘punches female Vegan activist in the
   face’ after…
   [image-a8377bdb79.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

PROUD MAMA

   Former EastEnders’ star Rita Simons shares clip of deaf daughter
   singing
   [image-de0bc4670c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:50

LIAR

   Stacey Solomon rings into Loose Women to call Joe Swash a LIAR as he
   claims to do baby Rex’s night feeds
   [image-42c8c0f02b-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:40

The Archie Show

   Baby Archie steals limelight from Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as
   royals meet Desmond Tutu in South…
   [image-f22276a4de.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:32

Classic example

   Boris Johnson compares Brexit to a character in Greek mythology who
   spent eternity having his liver…
   [image-69bac85bcb.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:32

'MY 2'

   Emmerdale’s Charley Webb shares stunning video of her kids’ amazing
   singing
   [image-2de68210ef.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:45

Final landing

   Thomas Cook passengers support staff on final flight as firm’s collapse
   confirmed
   [image-6366d4de4b.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:35

'UNFILTERED AND UNSCRIPTED'

   Emmys 2019: Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner laughed off stage after
   pair claim their…
   [image-f5c4ea7f2e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:37

Crying agony

   Russian doctors baffled by case of woman who cries ‘crystal’ tears and
   says the…

BLAST OFF

   North Korea releases pic of sub-launched missile that could hit
   anywhere in world

The test suggests that North Korea could now be capable of launching attacks
far outside its own territory. It came just hours after officials from the
country's regime said they would soon reopen denuclearisation talk with the
United States.

   News

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

KING'S RANSOM

   Beauty queen 'demands £24k a MONTH' in mega-divorce from Malaysian
   ex-King

SOURCES close to the Sultan of Kelantan have reportedly alleged the Russian
beauty queen for her 'excessive' demands as part of her divorce settlement.
The British-educated ex-king reportedly asked courtiers: 'Who does she think
I am... Bill Gates?'

   News

ROON WITH A VIEW

   Rooneys in row with neighbours over size of £20m 'Morrisons Mansion'
   News

CORRIE COMEBACK

   Debbie Webster returns for first time in 34 years & fans demand she
   stays
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

CROCK 'N' ROLL

   Sir Mick Jagger 'wanted a pension as he feared music career wouldn't
   last'
   TV & Showbiz

DOUBLE DEATH

   Couple who vanished on their way to party found dead 'cradling' each
   other
   News

UNDER HISS SPELL

   Fearless Malaysian soldier grabs deadly King Cobra after staring it
   down

THE jaw-dropping footage was taken by an onlooker as the solider, from the
Tentera Darat Army, bravely squared up to the deadly King Cobra. The agitated
snake is grabbed and handled by the solider are coming face-to-face on the
dirt road.

   News

TRAGIC DISCOVERY

   Missing nurse, 23, found dead in river after vanishing in hospital
   scrubs
   News

TYGA SWIPE

   Kylie Jenner meets up with ex Tyga at 2am in LA after split with Travis
   Scott
   TV & Showbiz

EASY BARGAIN

   EasyJet has scrapped £16 booking fee so flights will be cheaper than
   ever
   Travel

VLAD TAKES AIM

   Putin says Greta can’t deny poor countries chance to be rich like
   Sweden
   News

DREAM HOME

   Mum sobs after fearing husband with cancer wouldn't see £500k Grand
   Designs home

APPEARING on the most recent episode of Grand Designs, Toby and Libby Leaming
revealed they'd been wanting to build their own house for years. However, the
couple were forced to delay their home renovation project after Toby was
diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.

   Fabulous

'IT HELPS OTHERS'

   Montana Brown defends publicly grieving for Mike Thalassitis on
   Instagram
   TV & Showbiz

TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE

   Sharp student, 22, fools 'online scammer' into giving HIM money
   Tech

TOMTOM DUM DUM

   'Unbelievably stupid' white van man drives into river 'as satnav told
   me to'
   News

UNI FAT CATS

   5,000 uni chiefs raked in over £100k last year as students face
   sky-high debt
   News

LATEST MONEY-SAVING TIPS

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal

PLAY IT SAFE

   Do you know what these safety labels mean? How to avoid getting ripped
   off

SUN SAVERS

   Fantastic ways to back Breast Cancer Awareness month while saving your
   cash

THAT’S CONKERS

   Eco-friendly mum saves money by cleaning her clothes with CONKERS

SUN SAVERS

   Put the kettle on and raise a mug to International Coffee Day

SUN SAVERS

   Prepare for the big chill with the best deals to get your wardrobe
   winter-ready

SUN SAVERS

   Keep warm as the weather cools with some great deals on home
   entertainment

PAWS & CLAWS

   Brits are more willing to pay out for their pets' health than their own

CONSUMER CREW

   How to save cash by re-decorating your home with items you already own

SUN SAVERS

   Cut costs by swapping expensive big-brand goodies for supermarket
   own-brands

SUN SAVERS

   Save £456 by rustling up your own fakeaway on a winter night in with
   these tips

MUMMY MIA

   Long-lost temple of Egyptian king found sparking 'curse of the pharaoh'
   fears

THE ANCIENT temple of a long-lost Egyptian pharaoh has been discovered in
Egypt, archaeologists claim. The 2,200-year-old tomb structure is thought to
belong to Pharoah Ptolemy IV.

   Tech

LAST POST

   Katie Price fans vow never to buy her clothes again after orders don't
   arrive
   TV & Showbiz

HOLIDAY HELL

   Boy, 5, drowned in pool on Greek holiday after wandering off as parents
   slept
   News

DO BETTER

   Game of Thrones’ Nathalie Emmanuel warns TV bosses to ‘heed' diversity
   criticism
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

UFO MYSTERY

   'Alien tech' found by Blink-182 singer 'could be scrap from Roswell
   crash'
   Tech

STRING THEORY

   Trolls blast model, 25, for bikini bottoms SO tiny she may as well ‘be
   naked’

AN INSTAGRAM model has been mocked by trolls for posing in a tiny bikini.
Gabrielle Epstein, 25, from Australia, uploaded a snap of herself posing
poolside in a khaki two-piece, but people have said she 'might as well be
naked'.

   Fabulous

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami
   TV & Showbiz

PET HORROR

   Owners left cats so hungry they turned to CANNIBALISM as 5 half-eaten
   pets found
   News

INCOMING!

   'Cannibalistic' nearby galaxy has devoured its neighbours – and Milky
   Way is next
   Tech

INSTA-SLAM

   Woman shamed by potential employer for ‘unprofessional’ Instagram
   bikini snap
   Fabulous

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   #next The Sun » Feed The Sun » Comments Feed

   Jump directly to the content

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   The Sun, A News UK Company
   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

The Sun

BLOODY IDIOTS

   Bungling eco-warriors cover THEMSELVES in 400 gallons of fake blood at
   demo

THE eco-warriors used an eight-litre diesel fire engine to spray the red
fluid at the front of the building this morning. One of the activists said
the stunt had been carried out as 'economic growth leads to climate death'.

   News

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'
   News

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost
   Money

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Tech

THE SUN AND THEN SOME

   Get all our stories the way you want them with The Sun's newsletters
   News

GO HERE FOR ALL THE SHOWBIZ

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

SHE'S A GEM

   Gemma Collins shows off slim waist in sequinned dress after weight loss

FRAIL PHIL

   Phil Collins, 68, appears frail in a wheelchair before falling on stage

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

BACK ON BOYSON?

   Katie Price sneaks out of ex Kris Boyson's house after staying the
   night

PAY DAY

   Holly and Phil get £150k pay rise to work an extra 30 minutes a day on
   This Morning
   Exclusive

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

AFTER 'Mummy's boy' Harley's death, Natalie Bifulco was plunged into grief -
eventually losing her job and splitting from her son's dad. But now the
30-year-old, from Leicester, has been blessed with a second child - a son
called Jace who is the spitting image of his brother.

   Fabulous

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s
   Money

'WE WON!'

   Tearful parents of brain-damaged Tafida, 5, WIN legal fight to keep her
   alive
   News

DYING FOR A TAN

   Just ONE sunbed ‘doubles your risk of skin cancer,' experts warn
   Fabulous

DEAR DEIDRE

   I had hot sex with my school crush and I'm worried my missus will find
   out
   Dear Deidre

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

THE Duke of Sussex scolded a television reporter hours before releasing an
explosive rant about media coverage of Meghan Markle.

   News

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan
   News
   Comment

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals
   News

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods
   News

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86
   TV & Showbiz
   LATEST

BLOODBATH

   'Female cop' among 4 dead after 'colleague's knife spree at Paris
   police station'

A MAN working at the building stabbed multiple colleagues with a ceramic
knife he managed to sneak through the building's metal detectors, according
to local media. He was shot dead but not before he killed at least four
people.

   News

KNIFED AT HOME

   Man, 27, charged with attempted murder after 3-week-old boy & mum
   stabbed
   News

LO RUDE

   Gabby Logan's saucy live BBC gaffe has Denise Lewis & Jess Ennis-Hill
   in stitches
   Sport

FAST LANES

   Motorway speed limits could rise to 80mph across the country
   Motors

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill
   TV & Showbiz

GO HERE FOR ALL THE FOOTBALL

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

EYE, EYE

   Eriksen DID give Vertonghen a shiner... but only in training ground
   accident

WATCH OUT

   Sacked Diaby-Fadiga reveals he stole team-mate's £62k watch due to
   'jealousy'

OLE ON GAARD

   Man Utd scout Odegaard but face tussle with Arsenal and Liverpool for
   winger

GUNNERS LATEST

   Arsenal news LIVE - Latest updates and gossip from the Emirates

TROUBLE BREWING

   Griezmann admits Messi barely talks to him even though he gave him tea

STRIKE IT LUCKY

   Arsenal to offer Auba £150k a week pay rise to match Ozil's £350k deal

Outron

   Keane claims he only played with five world-class players at Man Utd

SOL SEARCHING

   Man Utd eye Werner, Moussa and Ousmane Dembele as Solskjaer demands
   striker

UP AND DOWN

   Arsenal 'can buy Leipzig ace Upamecano for £53m' after failed summer
   offer
   Exclusive

BACK ON BOYSON?

   Katie Price sneaks out of ex Kris Boyson's house after staying the
   night

KATIE cheated on Kris with hunk Charles Drury last year, dumping him via text
for the new toyboy. Charles moved into the star's mucky mansion but she left
him behind when she made a late night trip to Kris's with her two youngest
children. Katie stayed the night and tried to go undetected as she sneaked
out at 8am this morning.

   TV & Showbiz

DRUGS DEATH

   Schoolgirl, 14, died after taking MDMA she bought on Snapchat from teen
   dealer
   News

FIRST CONTACT?

   Nasa scientist says 'we're close' to huge reveal about life on Mars
   Tech

CAFE HERO

   Good Samaritan takes in homeless man she found sleeping in Costa Coffee
   doorway

A GOOD Samaritan took in a homeless man and gave him a bed after finding him
sleeping in a Costa Coffee doorway. Bridie Sawyer, 31, said George Dickson,
67, looked like 'the saddest man in the world'.

   News

DEAL ME IN

   Juncker agrees to talks on 'determined' Boris Johnson's 11th hour
   Brexit plan
   News

'I'M SPEAKER GET ME OUT OF HERE'

   Bercow jokes he sounds like he's eaten a kangaroo testicle
   News
   Comment

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism
   News

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock
   News
   Exclusive

'I DIED ON THE TABLE'

   Brit holidaymaker has her arm ripped off in Mexico dirt buggy crash

Brit Chelsea Vella, 26, was left hysterical after her arm was sliced off by a
buggy she was riding as part of a holiday excursion. Chelsea revealed that
she had to carry her own limb to the ambulance after the vehicle tipped near
Puerto Vallarta. She was later forced to have the arm amputated as doctors
said it was the only way they could save her life.

   News
   Latest

OZIL ATTACK

   Man pleads guilty to attempted robbery of Arsenal stars Ozil and
   Kolasinac
   News

KAY-CHING

   Peter Kay increased fortune to £32m last year despite his long break
   from showbiz
   TV & Showbiz

OUTBREAK FEARS

   Health chiefs desperate to trace 200 people after suspected measles
   outbreak
   News

GO-KART PLUNGE

   Brit mum died when she crashed a go-kart into a ravine while taking
   selfies
   News

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

THE 70-year-old, who played Sue Osman on the BBC soap from 1985 to 1989, was
discovered dead by her carer in her sheltered housing accommodation in
Stamford Hill, North London, in April. Sandy had battled with drink and drugs
throughout her career and was booted off EastEnders after developing a heroin
addiction.

   TV & Showbiz

SMACK BAN

   Smacking children could be made illegal in Scotland from TODAY
   News

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients
   TV & Showbiz

DRIVEWAY ROBBERY

   Bizarre law that lets anyone park on your drive - and could cost you
   money
   Motors
   Comment

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate
   News
   Breaking

TUBE LOCKDOWN

   King's Cross shut down after Standard Liege fans let off smoke bombs

FOOTAGE shows hundreds of Standard Liege fans walking through red smoke after
a flare was let off inside the station.

   News

'RAPE' CELEBRATION

   Students 'laughed & high-fived after raping a "10/10" drunk young
   woman'
   News

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches
   TV & Showbiz

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby
   Money
   Exclusive

FESTIVE TIPPLE

   Baileys now does a SALTED CARAMEL flavour and you can get it in Asda
   Money

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

BIT RICH

   Rich House Poor House mum handed budget of £1.2K A WEEK but 'misses'
   council house

HOTTING UP

   Shoppers go wild for a £4 Mrs Hinch-inspired radiator cover reduced
   from £77

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

LABOUR PAINS

   Mind-blowing photo of a woman’s bones MOVING during labour goes viral

BEDDER BELIEVE IT

   You can buy a special sponge to use post-sex & women think it's
   'genius'

TILL DEATH DO US PART

   Bride shames ‘petty’ RSVP - but is shocked when she DIES days later

Gintastic

   Snap up the new Gin Advent Calendar featuring 24 distinctive gins

sicko

   My boyfriend beat me, forced me into sex & threatened to rape my
   10-year-old sister

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO

GLOW UP

   Mum gets kids to lie still by saying they need ‘charge’ their
   glow-in-the-dark PJs

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

POLICE believe they have found the body of a missing mum who vanished after
her fiancé died two weeks before their wedding. Helen O'Brien, 34, went
missing last month just over a year after Kevin Reilly suffered a fatal heart
attack.

   News

CRUEL BLUNDER

   Council asks dozens of grieving parents to register dead child's school
   place
   News

MYSTIC MEG

   October 3: Your luck begins when you meet someone who looks like you
   Fabulous

CANN YOU BELIEVE IT

   How Ferne McCann has reinvented herself as TOWIE’s hottest yummy mummy

JUST under two years ago, Ferne McCann went from from self-confessed party
girl, to Essex's hottest yummy mummy. In November 2017, the 29-year-old
welcomed her daughter, Sunday - and ever since, the former TOWIE star has
undergone a dramatic transformation.

   Fabulous

TAKEN FOR FUELS

   Map shows petrol prices vary wildly, with some paying 4p a litre too
   much
   Money
   Exclusive

FERGIE QUESTIONED

   Fergie quizzed about Andrew for first time since Epstein scandal
   erupted
   News

DANCING ON TWICE

   Gemma Collins says she's returning to Dancing On Ice for Christmas
   special
   TV & Showbiz
   latest

IN THE CLEAR

   Girls, 14 & 16, arrested for 'murder' of widower, 81, released without
   charge
   News

SUPERSONIC SMASH

   How piece of metal thinner than a PENNY caused Concorde crash, killing
   113

CONCORDE was the fastest airliner in the world and considered one of the
safest on the morning of July 25, 2000. But that afternoon it erupted into
flames during takeoff before slamming down into a hotel in Paris. Now a new
TV show highlights the string of events leading up to the crash...and how it
might have been prevented.

   News
   Warning

SCARRED FOR LIFE

   Mum-of-two, 36, suffers horrific burns all over her body when BBQ
   explodes
   News

CHILD SNATCHERS

   Dad's horror as thieves speed off with son, 5, in car during Gumtree
   heist
   News

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'
   News

HIDE AND SEEK

   There's an enormous black hole lurking in this Nasa photo – can you
   find it?
   Tech

RUDE TUBE

   'Selfish' commuter slammed for 'forcing woman on crutches to stand on
   train'

SHOCKED Sonny Phillips took the shocking photo on his 30-minute train journey
from Clapham Junction to Isleworth in London. He said someone eventually
offered the woman a seat, which she gratefully accepted.

   News

HIGHWAY TO CELL

   Gang of thieves caught after POSING with stolen car in Facebook picture
   News

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions
   News

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference
   News

‘WHAT ABOUT THE COP?’

   Outrage as HK protester is charged with assault after cops shot HIM
   News

latest in opinion

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals

LEO MCKINSTRY

   Forget Tory toff slurs, Conservatives are the REAL party of the workers

JANE MOORE

   Top Christmas toys this year sound about as much fun as a Brexit board
   game

THE SUN SAYS

   Labour & ex-Tory rebels are to blame if Boris doesn't deliver Brexit on
   Oct 31

TOBY YOUNG

   Dads may get portrayed as deadbeats but it's the most important job in
   the world

THE SUN SAYS

   Tinfoil Hamm belongs in back benches as much as Saj deserves to be
   Chancellor

ROBERT COLVILE

   Tories' infrastructure pledges will result in a better-connected
   Britain

ALLY ROSS

   Manic Richard Madeley is the making of The Circle but his place is on
   Strictly

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris must fight back against elite dirty tricks for the sake of our
   democracy

TREVOR KAVANAGH

   The more establishment mouthpiece BBC batters BoJo the more Brits back
   him

rich pickings

   Location Location Location house hunters blasted as 'toddlers with no
   budget'

VIEWERS took to Twitter to mock Pip, Mike and Poppy who went on the Channel
Four show but failed to buy anything. Phil even had to have a stern talk with
Pip, telling her that her demands didn't equate to her budget.

   Fabulous

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz

BUBBLE TROUBLE

   Dangerous car tyre covered in huge bulges spotted on the school run

THE bulging tyre — which could have burst at any moment and caused a road
accident — was photographed by a council officer patrolling near a school in
Derby. The horrified member of Derby City Council's public protection team
sent the driver straight to a nearby garage.

   Motors
   Exclusive

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year
   TV & Showbiz

MIXED MESSAGES

   Hidden meanings behind Meghan Markle's royal tour jewellery
   Fabulous

SIGNED OFF

   Fuming mum claims theme park artwork is 'racist' but not everyone
   agrees
   Travel
   Exclusive

DRUG DRAMA

   Squaddie, 18, fighting for life after drugs binge on tour of duty in
   Kenya
   News

'PIECE OF S***'

   Defiant last words of student as rapist rapper killed her live on
   FaceTime

THE sister of a murdered student has revealed the final, defiant words of her
sister as she heard her brutal rape and murder over Facetime - and could do
nothing but helplessly listen. Palestinian student Aiia Maasarwe, who held an
Israeli citizenship, was brutally attacked by a rapist rapper in January in
Victoria, Australia.

   News

STRICT WORD

   Strictly's Janette swears live on It Takes Two forcing host Gethin to
   apologise
   TV & Showbiz
   Latest

TREE TRAGEDY

   Man, 58, dies after being hit by falling tree near cemetery in Stafford
   News

FAKING ILLNESS

   Mum 'forced healthy son to eat via feeding tube causing serious
   injuries'
   News

FOLD THE PHONE

   Microsoft announces folding phone with TWO screens coming next year
   Tech

CROP DEAD GORGEOUS

   Kate Wright slipped into crop top wedding outfit after marrying Rio

THE ex Towie star, 28, swapped her original dress for a more temperature
appropriate style after marrying retired footballer Rio Ferdinand in Turkey
last week. The blonde beauty looked incredible in a bralet-style top and
flowing skirt that featured a fitting heart-shaped pattern.

   TV & Showbiz

UNBE-LEAF-ABLE

   Brit scientists create world's first plant that produces 'breast milk'
   Tech
   Exclusive

frenemies

   Anna Vakili claims Love Island cast 'hate each other' and won't speak
   to one pair
   TV & Showbiz

MIDLIFE STI-SIS

   Middle-aged blokes more likely to get STIs than teenage boys, figures
   claim
   News

PINT OF NO RETURN

   Men 'should not drink alcohol for six months before trying for a baby'
   News

Most read in Money

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

TOY JOY

   Morrisons is selling an adorable giant sloth toy for a bargain price

HELLO-MI

   Aldi is selling halloumi wrapped in bacon as part of its Christmas menu

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost

PIECE OF CAKE

   Aldi is selling a copycat Colin the Caterpillar called Cuthbert

PAWFECT

   Lidl is selling a dog bed that keeps your pet warm when temperatures
   drop

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

EVERY LITTLE HELPS

   Tesco to launch Clubcard Plus giving users grocery discounts and more

CRACK ON

   Morrisons launches a weekend breakfast deal and you can get 15 items
   for £6

'HEART OF GOLD'

   Beauty queen nurse, 23, killed in crash on way home from night shift

KERRIE Browne, 26, was returning from hospital when she died in a smash
between her car and a Jeep in County Kerry, Ireland. The tragedy happened
just hours after another nurse died in a crash in South Wales.

   News

DEADLY CLUE

   Vaping lung disease causes 'chemical burns like gas poisoning' as
   deaths hit 17
   News

Morning glory

   ITV scrap Jeremy Kyle slot and extend This Morning by an extra half an
   hour
   TV & Showbiz

BLAST OFF

   North Korea releases pic of sub-launched missile that could hit
   anywhere in world
   News

BEDDER BELIEVE IT

   You can buy a special sponge to use post-sex & women think it's
   'genius'
   Fabulous
   Revealed

AND THE OS-CAR GOES TO...

   Here’s the winners of our Car of the Year Awards voted for by YOU

WE told you the new Defender is a knockout . . . and you thought so too as
you chose your favourites in a dozen categories. The 4×4 icon has been
reimagined for today’s world — tough, trendy and hi-tech — and has been
crowned The Sun’s Car of the Year. Here are the winners in all the
categories.

   Motors

WORLDS AWAY

   Boy Meets World star Maitland Ward reveals she's become a PORN star
   TV & Showbiz

CUT THE B.S.

   Trump rages at Democrat 'bulls***' over impeachment probe as Putin
   wades in
   News

WORD OF WARNING

   Sleeping on your back when pregnant 'as bad as smoking 10
   cigarettes-a-day'
   Fabulous

'IT'S BROAD DAYLIGHT!'

   Randy couple caught having vigorous sex in car as kids walk past
   News

FAMILY KILLER

   Chris Watts pens horror confession describing wife’s eyes filling with
   blood

A SICKENING letter penned by jailed murderer Chris Watts tells in horrifying
new detail how Watts wiped out his whole family to be with his mistress.
Divulging fresh aspects of his grisly crime that were previously unknown to
investigators, he reveals his daughters watched their mum die.

   News

KEEP YOUR HEIR ON!

   Prince Harry rapped by ex-Palace staff for attack on coverage of Meghan
   News

LITTLE DAAL-ING

   Kate reveals she cooks curry for her family & Charlotte is 'good with
   heat'
   News

WILLY WEIRD

   Woman's elaborate plaited hair mocked by people who say it 'looks like
   a willy'
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake
   TV & Showbiz

BIG MAMA'S HOUSE

   Mama June’s famous messy mansion now on sale & it looks totally
   different

THE reality star - mum of Honey Boo Boo - and her partner Geno Doak are
facing trial for crack cocaine possession after they were arrested in their
home state of Alabama back in March.

   News

JIHADI BRIDEZILLAS

   ISIS’ all-female ‘morality’ death squads re-emerge in Syrian prisons
   News

BEN THERE, DONE THAT

   Susanna Reid stunned as Ben Shephard reveals Harry Potter cameo
   TV & Showbiz

RU BRITANNIA

   Ultimate guide for RuPaul's Drag Race UK - from contestants, judges and
   lingo
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK DR

   Robbie Williams changes his title to DOCTOR after filing new company
   accounts
   TV & Showbiz

The Only Way is Nissan

   Gemma Collins swaps her £70k BMW for a £275 Nissan Micra

GEMMA Collins has been spotted out and about in a £275 Nissan Micra - which
is a massive downgrade from her normal wheels, as she is used to the
glamorous £70,000 BMW to get her about town.

   TV & Showbiz

‘LOOKS BAD’

   Bodycam shows cops on horseback marching black suspect through town on
   a rope
   News

Mum's fear

   Chris Evans says mum told him she was 'petrified' of dying before her
   death
   TV & Showbiz

skin-scare

   The Silence of the Lambs & The Shining's shocks 'cause premature
   ageing'
   TV & Showbiz

NEW LINK

   Mums suffering severe morning sickness '50% more likely to have kids
   with autism'
   Fabulous

SAD STREET

   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami

TO EL & BACK

   X Factor's Ella Henderson overcomes Syco split and trolls to release
   new music

NOT GONE TO POT

   Mel Sykes shows off amazing figure as she fronts new BBC pottery show

OAR LOSER

   Strictly's James Cracknell launches furious rant after he's first to be
   ousted

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year

GONE FOR A BARTON

   Emmerdale actor Anthony Quinlan QUITS as much-loved character Pete
   Barton

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50

POSH PORKIES

   Vic Beckham denies plastic surgery on TV…but had previously admitted
   boob job

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

SOMETIMES appearances can be deceptive, as any visitor to this house in South
Wales can testify. Anyone stepping inside will be shocked at how the interior
is so dramatically different from what the outside suggests.

   News

CUSHY JOB

   Queen has cushion that reads ‘It’s good to be Queen’ on favourite
   Balmoral sofa
   Fabulous

SNOOZE YOU LOSE

   Sleeping fewer than six hours a night could 'increase risk of cancer'
   News
   Competition

HAUL OF BOOTY

   Win a PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB ahead of this month's Call of Duty release
   Tech

WALK-IN DEAD

   Dancer's zombie makeup so realistic she 'sparked full hospital
   emergency'
   News

ZEBRA CROSSING

   Runaway zebra is shot dead on motorway by cops after escaping circus

TWO zebras escaped from a circus on Tuesday night and were being chased by
police in East Germany until yesterday. One of the zebras was returned to the
circus and the other was shot dead after causing an accident on the highway.

   News

dad dancing

   Kelvin Fletcher practises his Strictly moves with adorable baby Milo
   TV & Showbiz

'THE QUEEN IS BACK!'

   Naga welcomed by BBC Breakfast fans in first show since 'racist' row
   News
   Exclusive

SPOT OF BOTHER

   Three friends split from husbands within 2 years in 'domino divorce'
   effect
   Fabulous

WEIGH HEY

   Keto diet - how to know if you're in ketosis... from bad breath to
   weight loss
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

OH NOSE

   Trolls forced me to move & take kids out of school but I DON’T regret
   NHS nose job

BRITAIN'S 'most hated woman', who faked depression to get a £7,000 nose job
on the NHS, says she's been run out of town by strangers whose death threats
have left her 'fearing for my life'. Carla Bellucci, 38, from Borehamwood,
claims she’s too scared to leave the house after enduring months of abuse
from trolls and strangers in the street.

   Fabulous

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

THE TV stars - both currently single - posted a series of cosy videos
together as they filmed in Germany for A League of Their Own, sparking the
idea of a new romance with their followers. Jamie split from wife Louise last
year while Maya split from Stormzy in August after 4 years together.

   TV & Showbiz

WHAT THE ELF

   Buddy the Elf wreath sparks fierce debate online as fans argue it's
   'creepy'
   Fabulous

Luke out

   Emmerdale fans claim Luke is rapist Lee’s BROTHER planning revenge on
   Victoria
   TV & Showbiz

'CAN'T TRUST ANYONE'

   Boy, 16, killed himself when bullies outed him as bisexual on Snapchat
   News

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal
   Money

Latest explainers

IRELAND 35 RUSSIA 0

   Ireland breeze past Russia with a five-try win but are hampered errors

ALL RISE

   The full lowdown on Duncan James' journey from singer to actor

REACH FOR THE STARS

   What is X Factor: All stars? Simon Cowell's new spin-off talent show

FAMILY VALUES

   Greta Thunberg's parents - who are the climate activist's parents and
   sister?

TRAGIC STAR

   A look at the life and death of EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff

MIDWEEK MADNESS

   Why is Arsenal's match against Vitoria being played on a Wednesday?
   MotoGP Thailand practice FREE: Live stream, TV channel and start time

STUDENT'S FUNERAL

   What happened to Libby Squire and when did she go missing?

COURT RULING

   All about Tafida Raqeeb and her parents battle to get treatment abroad

JUDY'S JUNIORS

   All about actress Judy Garland's children - how old they are & what
   they do

GROUP K

   Besiktas vs Wolves: Live stream, TV channel, kick-off time and team
   news

GROUP G

   Young Boys vs Rangers FREE: Live stream, kick-off time, TV channel and
   team news

HOSPITAL DASH

   Girl, 1, gags on Poundstretcher juice 'smelling like nail varnish
   remover'

A LITTLE girl was rushed to hospital after taking one sip of an own-brand
Poundstrecher blackcurrant drink which reportedly stank of nail varnish
remover. One-year-old Hunter Easterbrook was spending time with her dad when
she started gagging after drinking the ‘Cool Crush’ which was bought in
Poundstretcher's Swindon branch.

   News

STINKING OUT LOUD

   Ed Sheeran donates old slippers to charity shop and they could fetch
   £200
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

JIHADI JUNIOR

   Boy vows to become ISIS suicide bomber in video from hellhole Syrian
   camp
   News

TESCO TRAGEDY

   Hero Tesco worker, 59, collapsed and died after confronting
   'shoplifters'
   News

'NICK' PROBE REVIEW

   Met Police face probe over disastrous VIP paedophile investigation
   News

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

Car sharing, only buying clothes from car boot sales helped graduate Molly
Beard save £25,000 for a house deposit in just four years. Molly, 27, moved
into her £195,000 terraced home in Market Harborough, Leicestershire last
summer with her boyfriend James Cooke, 28.

   Money

SICKO CHARGED

   Ex-Yahoo worker hunted for porn by illegally hacking 6,000 user
   accounts
   Tech

RED ALERT

   Mrs Hinch raves about £2 silicone strips to avoid burning hands on hot
   oven racks
   Fabulous

BOOT FOR BOT

   Gary Lineker is worried a robot could replace him as Match of the Day
   host
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

BROKEN FAMILIES

   One in five separated dads see their children less than once a month
   News

STRING THEORY

   Trolls blast model, 25, for bikini bottoms SO tiny she may as well ‘be
   naked’

AN INSTAGRAM model has been mocked by trolls for posing in a tiny bikini.
Gabrielle Epstein, 25, from Australia, uploaded a snap of herself posing
poolside in a khaki two-piece, but people have said she 'might as well be
naked'.

   Fabulous

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman
   News

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK STAR DEAD

   Kim Shattuck of punk band The Muffs dies after battle with debilitating
   ALS
   TV & Showbiz

‘RIPPING US OFF’

   Trump declares win in EU trade war as cheese & whisky hit with tariffs
   News

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

Most read in politics

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference

WAGE WAR

   What is the National Living Wage and what is the minimum wage for under
   25s?

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions

I WANNA STAND LIKE COMMONS PEOPLE

   Why do MPs stand up in the House of Commons during PMQs?

CORBYN THE COSMONAUT

   Boris vows to send Corbyn 'into orbit' with economic plan to boost UK

HAMES WHO?

   Who is Jo Swinson's husband Duncan Hames?

TIME BOMB

   I was relieved when my husband switched to vaping but 8 months later he
   was dead

WHEN Terry Miller discovered what he thought was a safe alternative to
smoking, his wife Glynis was delighted that he might finally be able to kick
his 15-year habbit. However, Glynis is now convinced that if he hadn't come
across e-cigarettes he'd still be alive, as it has been claimed that Terry
was the first Brit to die as a result of vaping.

   News

KNOW YOUR LINES

   The eight things the wrinkles on your face reveal about your lifestyle
   Fabulous

UP UP AND HEIR-WAY

   Kate often books an entire row on a flight so she can store her clothes
   Fabulous

'IT'S NOT COOL'

   Bullied boy forced to change school pens heartbreaking letter to
   classmates
   Fabulous

'BULLS***'

   Eriksen denies Vertonghen slept with his partner and sparked punch-up
   with Kane
   Sport

‘KILL HIM!’

   Moment twisted cop kills defenceless wombat by throwing rocks at its
   head

THE off-duty cop gives the camera a thumbs-up before pelting the wombat with
large rocks. The distrubing footage was taken on South Australia's Eyre
Peninsula and was shared by a local animal rescue group in hopes the man will
be prosecuted.

   News

'DON'T TELL ANYONE'

   Putin jokes he's 'definitely' going to interfere with 2020 US election
   News
   Exclusive

ROCKET MAN

   RAF ace to fire 500mph satellite rocket into space from Boeing 747 at
   30,000ft
   News

#NOTIME2LOSE

   Bowel cancer screening at 50 WILL save lives, say experts - blasting
   new study
   News

A TREAT FOR CHEATS?

   WhatsApp update will let you send secret, self-destructing messages
   Tech

DESPICABLE MAN

   Universal sacks actor who used ‘white power symbol’ next to biracial
   girl

A CHARACTER actor at Universal Orlando has been fired after being caught
making a "white power symbol" while taking a photograph with a young girl.
The theme park said they were investigating the issue after her parents
spotted the symbol months later.

   Travel

PLAYTIME HORROR

   Dad accidentally kills baby by throwing her into ceiling fan while
   playing
   News

MAKING A SPLASH

   Coventry's huge new water park is opening just in time for half term
   Travel
   Exclusive

Scott free

   Furious Kylie Jenner accused Travis Scott of cheating on her before
   split
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

LITTLE RICH MIX

   Little Mix made £9m last year and banked £1.6m each as they wow in
   London
   TV & Showbiz

TOP CLASS

   BBC legend Peter Sissons pictured with John Lennon & Jimmy Tarbuck on
   school trip

THE newsreader, who went Dovedale Junior School in Liverpool, gathered for a
group photograph with his schoolmates during a 1951 seaside trip to the Isle
of Man. Peter Sissons (left) puts his left arm on John Lennon (centre left)
who is standing next to Jimmy Tarbuck (centre right) and Brian Labone (top
right).

   News

BEY CANCER SCARE

   Beyonce tested for breast cancer gene after dad Mathew Knowles'
   diagnosis
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

MONSTER MEN

   How women killed by domestic violence are the invisible victims of
   knife crime
   Fabulous

'I FORGIVE YOU'

   Brother of black neighbour killed by cop FORGIVES her as they hug in
   court
   News

AMUSE AT TEN

   Peter Sissons' lighter side revealed in hilarious dance for Children In
   Need
   News

EDITOR'S TOP VIDEOS

   [image-120808439e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

BoJo jungle gag

   PM Boris Johnson compares parliament to a ‘pizza wheel of doom’ and
   I’m…
   [image-285949c39c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:57

BO DON’T KNOW

   Boris Johnson ‘doesn’t remember’ dinner where journalist accused him of
   grope…
   [image-31908427f2-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   03:04

Meg's lighter side

   Meghan Markle says ‘I can’t screw up’ leaving audience in fits of
   giggles during…
   [image-51dfca3500-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:36

Gunned down

   Horrifying moment Hong Kong protester is shot in the chest at close
   range by police officer with live round
   [Military.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1] 01:20

Military might

   China marks 70 years of communism with massive show of force during
   huge parade
   [image-befcb531c1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:41

PIZZA HIT

   Moment Pizza Express customer ‘punches female Vegan activist in the
   face’ after…
   [image-a8377bdb79.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

PROUD MAMA

   Former EastEnders’ star Rita Simons shares clip of deaf daughter
   singing
   [image-de0bc4670c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:50

LIAR

   Stacey Solomon rings into Loose Women to call Joe Swash a LIAR as he
   claims to do baby Rex’s night feeds
   [image-42c8c0f02b-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:40

The Archie Show

   Baby Archie steals limelight from Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as
   royals meet Desmond Tutu in South…
   [image-f22276a4de.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:32

Classic example

   Boris Johnson compares Brexit to a character in Greek mythology who
   spent eternity having his liver…
   [image-69bac85bcb.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:32

'MY 2'

   Emmerdale’s Charley Webb shares stunning video of her kids’ amazing
   singing
   [image-2de68210ef.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:45

Final landing

   Thomas Cook passengers support staff on final flight as firm’s collapse
   confirmed
   [image-6366d4de4b.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:35

'UNFILTERED AND UNSCRIPTED'

   Emmys 2019: Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner laughed off stage after
   pair claim their…
   [image-f5c4ea7f2e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:37

Crying agony

   Russian doctors baffled by case of woman who cries ‘crystal’ tears and
   says the…

DEATH'S DOOR

   I had both boobs removed after cancer then almost died of sepsis from
   implants

LIZ Gooch, 41, from Pontypridd, South Wales, was diagnosed with triple
negative breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy. She had breast
implants fitted but within a month she fell ill - after they caused her to
contract deadly sepsis.

   Fabulous

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

KING'S RANSOM

   Beauty queen 'demands £24k a MONTH' in mega-divorce from Malaysian
   ex-King

SOURCES close to the Sultan of Kelantan have reportedly alleged the Russian
beauty queen for her 'excessive' demands as part of her divorce settlement.
The British-educated ex-king reportedly asked courtiers: 'Who does she think
I am... Bill Gates?'

   News

ROON WITH A VIEW

   Rooneys in row with neighbours over size of £20m 'Morrisons Mansion'
   News

CORRIE COMEBACK

   Debbie Webster returns for first time in 34 years & fans demand she
   stays
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

CROCK 'N' ROLL

   Sir Mick Jagger 'wanted a pension as he feared music career wouldn't
   last'
   TV & Showbiz

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO
   Fabulous

UNDER HISS SPELL

   Fearless Malaysian soldier grabs deadly King Cobra after staring it
   down

THE jaw-dropping footage was taken by an onlooker as the solider, from the
Tentera Darat Army, bravely squared up to the deadly King Cobra. The agitated
snake is grabbed and handled by the solider are coming face-to-face on the
dirt road.

   News

TRAGIC DISCOVERY

   Missing nurse, 23, found dead in river after vanishing in hospital
   scrubs
   News

TYGA SWIPE

   Kylie Jenner meets up with ex Tyga at 2am in LA after split with Travis
   Scott
   TV & Showbiz

EASY BARGAIN

   EasyJet has scrapped £16 booking fee so flights will be cheaper than
   ever
   Travel

VLAD TAKES AIM

   Putin says Greta can’t deny poor countries chance to be rich like
   Sweden
   News

LATEST MONEY-SAVING TIPS

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal

PLAY IT SAFE

   Do you know what these safety labels mean? How to avoid getting ripped
   off

SUN SAVERS

   Fantastic ways to back Breast Cancer Awareness month while saving your
   cash

THAT’S CONKERS

   Eco-friendly mum saves money by cleaning her clothes with CONKERS

SUN SAVERS

   Put the kettle on and raise a mug to International Coffee Day

SUN SAVERS

   Prepare for the big chill with the best deals to get your wardrobe
   winter-ready

SUN SAVERS

   Keep warm as the weather cools with some great deals on home
   entertainment

PAWS & CLAWS

   Brits are more willing to pay out for their pets' health than their own

CONSUMER CREW

   How to save cash by re-decorating your home with items you already own

SUN SAVERS

   Cut costs by swapping expensive big-brand goodies for supermarket
   own-brands

SUN SAVERS

   Save £456 by rustling up your own fakeaway on a winter night in with
   these tips

DREAM HOME

   Mum sobs after fearing husband with cancer wouldn't see £500k Grand
   Designs home

APPEARING on the most recent episode of Grand Designs, Toby and Libby Leaming
revealed they'd been wanting to build their own house for years. However, the
couple were forced to delay their home renovation project after Toby was
diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.

   Fabulous

'IT HELPS OTHERS'

   Montana Brown defends publicly grieving for Mike Thalassitis on
   Instagram
   TV & Showbiz

TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE

   Sharp student, 22, fools 'online scammer' into giving HIM money
   Tech

TOMTOM DUM DUM

   'Unbelievably stupid' white van man drives into river 'as satnav told
   me to'
   News

GLOW UP

   Mum gets kids to lie still by saying they need ‘charge’ their
   glow-in-the-dark PJs
   Fabulous

MUMMY MIA

   Long-lost temple of Egyptian king found sparking 'curse of the pharaoh'
   fears

THE ANCIENT temple of a long-lost Egyptian pharaoh has been discovered in
Egypt, archaeologists claim. The 2,200-year-old tomb structure is thought to
belong to Pharoah Ptolemy IV.

   Tech

LAST POST

   Katie Price fans vow never to buy her clothes again after orders don't
   arrive
   TV & Showbiz

UNI FAT CATS

   5,000 uni chiefs raked in over £100k last year as students face
   sky-high debt
   News

DO BETTER

   Game of Thrones’ Nathalie Emmanuel warns TV bosses to ‘heed' diversity
   criticism
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

UFO MYSTERY

   'Alien tech' found by Blink-182 singer 'could be scrap from Roswell
   crash'
   Tech

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   The Sun
   More TV & Showbiz
   CHILD IS REBORN

Destiny’s Child to reunite after Beyonce’s secret talks with Kelly Rowland
and Michelle Williams

   Exclusive
   By From Simon Boyle's Bizarre Column
   4th August 2019, 9:00 pm
   Updated: 4th August 2019, 9:35 pm
   1 Comment

   THEY have been Independent Women since their last studio album in 2004
   – but 15 years on, Destiny’s Child are ready to prove that the band is
   a Survivor of the music industry.

   I can reveal that Beyonce has been secretly working on getting the
   iconic pop group back together, with Kelly Rowland and Michelle
   Williams both on board.

   Getty Images - Getty
   Beyonce has been secretly working on getting Destiny’s Child back
   together

   She wants the reunion to include brand new music and a lucrative tour
   of the US and Europe next year.

   And the timing is perfect, as it coincides with the 20th anniversary of
   Michelle joining Destiny’s Child and the group then becoming a
   chart-topping trio worldwide.

   A music insider said: “Beyonce has been desperate to get the girls back
   together with her in the studio and she can’t think of a better time
   than 2020, when they will be marking two decades as one of the world’s
   biggest all-female groups.

   “She saw the success of the Spice Girls tour and wants to replicate
   that — but far bigger and better.

   Getty Images - Getty
   Kelly Rowland, Beyonce Knowles and Michelle Williams of Destiny’s Child
   perform during the Super Bowl in 2013

   “Beyonce has been meeting with Kelly and Michelle and discussing what
   they can do.

   “It’s early days but they want to record new music and put it out
   alongside some of their biggest hits.

   “Then they want to do a tour which will be short enough for them to fit
   it into their schedules, but big enough to make sure all their fans can
   make a date to see them.

   “As well as going around the US they want to play dates in Europe,
   including the UK.

   Getty - Contributor
   Beyonce brought Kelly and Michelle on stage at last year’s Coachella

   “They are one of the very few groups where love for them has only grown
   since they went on hiatus in 2006, so the demand is massive.”

   Destiny’s Child had UK No1s with Independent Women and Survivor, and
   top five hits including Bootylicious, Emotion, Lose My Breath and
   Soldier.

   Last year, Beyonce gave her fans a taste of what is to come by bringing
   Kelly and Michelle out on stage during her headline set at US festival
   Coachella.

   If that incredible performance is anything to go by, this reunion will
   be worth the wait.
   Beyonce stuns in Egyptian themed costume as she reunites with Destiny's
   Child at Coachella
     __________________________________________________________________

READ ON FOR MORE OF SIMON BOYLE’S BIZARRE COLUMN
     __________________________________________________________________

Kylie a Pride-to-be?

   THERE is just no stopping Kylie Minogue this summer.

   After being one of my Glastonbury highlights in June, she ended her
   summer tour on Saturday by headlining Brighton Pride in the city’s
   Preston Park.

   BackGrid
   Kylie Minogue headlined Brighton Pride in a Jean-Paul Gaultier gown

   More than 250,000 people descended on the city for the celebrations,
   which included a parade, as well as performances from Clean Bandit and
   Fleur East.

   Kylie – whose various outfits included this eye-catching Jean-Paul
   Gaultier dress, pictured above, as well as the creation below –
   appealed to the crowd by adding her LGBT anthem Your Disco Needs You to
   her setlist.

   And she conducted a pretend wedding between two men during another of
   her hits, Especially For You.

   Now that Kylie has found love again, with GQ creative director Paul
   Solomons, it will be her own wedding that she will have to think about
   next.

   Vantage News
   Pop icon Kylie changed into this outfit during her set in Brighton
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   CHARLI XCX didn’t take things easy when it came to celebrating her 27th
   birthday on Friday. The hard-partying pop star tweeted on Sunday night:
   “Survived the two day hangover – thank you for all the birthday love.”
     __________________________________________________________________

Haz’s dressing rehearsal

   IF HARRY Styles wanted his music comeback to remain a secret, he should
   have made sure everyone kept a lid on it.

   Producers on his new video tried to disguise the shoot by telling
   people it was for a mayonnaise advert, only for the penny to drop when
   fans spotted the floppy-haired singer.

   Getty - Contributor
   Filming for Harry Styles’ new video was disguised as a mayo advert by
   producers

   He was filming in the Lombardo Toledano neighbourhood of Cancun,
   Mexico, and the shoot took over 20 buildings including people’s homes.

   Trying to keep it schtum, several security guards were patrolling the
   area from midday on Saturday to early Sunday morning to ensure no one
   knew he was there.

   But eagle-eyed fans, eager for a follow-up to his 2017 debut solo
   album, spotted him through windows and shared clips of the star on
   social media.

   A source said: “The area was swarming with people. People in the
   neighbourhood knew filming couldn’t just be for a mayo advert, as there
   would never be so much security or such a large crew.

   “His team had bought hundreds of bouquets of violet and purple flowers
   for the video. Harry spent most of time filming inside a yellow house.”

   While the news Harry is preparing for a return to music is out, the
   song he was recording a video for thankfully didn’t leak.

   Here’s hoping they’re better at keeping that under wraps.
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   HIT British musical Six – a modern retelling of the story of Henry
   VIII’s wives – is transferring from the West End to Broadway. Creators
   Toby Marlow and Lucy Moss said: “We are unbelievably excited.”
     __________________________________________________________________

James bags killer track

   TWO albums down and James Bay has certainly made friends in high
   places.

   The singer-songwriter, who released second record Electric Light last
   year, has written a song titled Easy Distraction with Brandon Flowers
   from The Killers.

   Getty Images - Getty
   James Bay has written a song with Brandon Flowers from The Killers

   Their collaboration is believed to have been the brainwave of
   songwriter Tommy King and producer Ariel Rechtshaid who have helped
   them both out with projects in the past.

   But it is not yet known who will sing it or whether they will record it
   together.

   The Killers headlined Glastonbury in June and are currently working on
   the follow-up to their 2017 album Wonderful Wonderful.

   Getting this collaboration released would be enough to live up to that
   album title.

Instaglam

   Instagram
   Here’s Rita Ora venturing into the wild in Ibiza, Spain, after
   admitting she has ‘natural sex appeal’
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   KIM Kardashian has risked angering Taylor Swift again by releasing her
   new perfume on August 23 – the same day the singer’s new album Lover is
   out. An angry fan tweeted: “This isn’t a coincidence.”
     __________________________________________________________________

Cam’s body slam

   CAMILA Cabello has lashed out at trolls for body shaming her online,
   insisting young people shouldn’t feel like they need to live up to
   unattainable beauty standards.

   In an Instagram story, she wrote: “Of course there are bad pictures, of
   course there are bad angles, my body’s not made of f***ing rock, or all
   muscle, for that matter.

   Splash News
   Camila Cabello, who is dating Shawn Mendes, has slammed trolls for
   bodyshaming her

   “The saddest part of young girls growing up in an airbrushed world is
   they’re seeking a perfection that’s not real.

   “Everyone’s eyes get used to seeing airbrushed bodies and airbrushed
   skin and, suddenly, they think that’s the norm? It isn’t. It’s fake.

   “Fake is becoming the new real. We have a completely unrealistic view
   of a woman’s body.

   “Girls, cellulite is normal. Fat is normal. It’s beautiful and natural.
   I won’t buy into the bulls*** today.”
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   BILLIONAIRE Kylie Jenner turns 22 on Saturday – and she is hiring a
   £200million super yacht for her birthday bash in the Mediterranean. The
   Tranquility boasts a sauna, theatre and swimming pool.
     __________________________________________________________________

Time to check out Nic

   NICOLE Scherzinger looked like she was keeping herself in check when
   she touched down in Sydney in this outfit.

   The former Pussycat Dolls singer looked ready for action before
   take-off as she posted a photo of herself in LA.

   Splash News
   Nicole Scherzinger arriving at Sydney International Airport

   But Nicole might have been feeling a bit sleepy by the time she arrived
   Down Under, as she has been flitting back and forth between the US and
   Australia to honour her filming commitments.

   Nicole is a judge on Australia’s Got Talent and is also on the panel of
   US talent show The Masked Singer.

   At least those air miles should give her a nice holiday when she
   eventually gets a week off.

   INSTAGRAM/NICOLE SCHERZINGER
   The Australia’s Got Talent judge posted a selfie before take-off

Ari scores sixy success

   ARIANA Grande looks set to match a chart milestone shared by Britney
   Spears and Rod Stewart – her sixth UK No1 single.

   The US singer’s new entry, Boyfriend, was released on Friday and has
   taken an early lead in this week’s Top Ten.

   The tune with US duo Social House has pushed Shawn Mendes and Camila
   Cabello’s hit Senorita to No2 and Ed Sheeran’s Beautiful People to No3.

   Kygo and Whitney Houston’s Higher Love also jumped up the charts over
   the weekend and now sits at No6. Her last song to reach the Top Five
   was Million Dollar Bill in 2009, three years before her death.

most read in bizarre

   SAD STREET
   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother
   KATE UP-STUN
   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami

bizmeter charts

   FLEDGLING couple Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello spend another week at
   the top of the chart – 400,000 listens in front of their closest rival.

   ED Sheeran rules the roost with four songs in the top ten from his new
   album No6 Collaborations Project. He takes over No2, No3, No7 and No9
   slots.
    1. Senorita – Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello, 3.5m
    2. Beautiful People – Ed Sheeran  feat. Khalid, 3.1m
    3. I Don’t Care – Ed Sheeran with Justin Bieber, 2.4m
    4. Ladbroke Grove – AJ Tracey, 2.3m
    5. Someone You Loved – Lewis Capaldi, 2.3m
    6. 3 Nights – Dominic Fike, 2.2m
    7. Cross Me – Ed Sheeran,    Chance The Rapper and PnB Rock, 2.1m
    8. Vossi Bop – Stormzy, 2m
    9. Take Me Back to London – Ed  Sheeran and Stormzy, 2m
   10. Hold Me While You Wait – Lewis Capaldi, 1.9m
   11. So High – Mist and Fredo, 1.9m
   12. How Do You Sleep? –  Sam Smith, 1.9m
   13. Location – Dave and Burna Boy, 1.8m
   14. Wish You Well – Sigala, 1.8m
   15. Goodbyes –  Post Malone feat. Young Thug, 1.7m
   16. Strike A Pose – Young T & Bugsey  feat. Aitch, 1.7m
   17. Ransom – Lil Tecca, 1.7m
   18. Mad Love – Mabel, 1.6m
   19. Old Town Road –  Remix – Lil Nas X  and Billy Ray Cyrus, 1.6m
   20. Crown – Stormzy, 1.5m

     * GOT a story? Ring The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on
       07423720250 or email exclusive@the-sun.co.uk.


     * Topics
     * Ariana Grande
     * Beyonce
     * Britney Spears
     * Camila Cabello
     * Ed Sheeran
   The Sun
   More Tech
   LOVE MACHINE

Meet Samantha, the sex robot that can be SEDUCED – and the doll’s creators
say humans are already falling in love with their machines

   Hyper-realistic bonk 'bot is so attractive that lusty men are falling
   heads over heels for its computerised charms.
   By Staff Reporter
   20th October 2017, 11:30 am
   Updated: 5th October 2018, 9:07 am
   2 Comments

   THE makers of a sex robot which can be “seduced” have claimed men are
   already “falling in love” with their creation.

   Designers of Samantha claim the plastic princess is capturing blokes’
   hearts. We’ve got the lowdown on the doll that has all the men
   swooning…

   Samantha “likes to be kissed”, according to maker Sergi Santos

Who is Samantha the sex robot?

   Samantha is only of the recent “hyper realistic” sex dolls to hit the
   hit headlines as advances in technology mean the sex toy market has
   upped its game.

   The doll is interactive, responding to voices as well as to touch.

   She comes complete with sensors in her face, hands, breasts and  “the
   female genitals down below” and it is claimed she requires a more
   subtle approach when it comes to bedroom activities.

   Sergi Santos, the designer of a love machine called Samantha, said the
   amorous android was so erotic that men were already developing real
   feelings for her.

   But the doll isn’t all about getting down and dirty, Samantha can also
   discuss philosophy, science and animals.

   She’s also got a great sense of humour with more than a thousand jokes
   in her repertoire.

   Samantha featured in a segment on This Morning where her owner/lover
   Arran discussed living with the doll and incorporating her in the
   family

Where have a seen Samantha the sex robot before?

   On September 12, Samantha made a TV appearance, taking a seat on the
   famous This Morning couch with Holly and Phil with her owner Aaran.

   The presenting duo were shocked by the doll. Phil asked: “It’s a bit
   like making love to a car GPS isn’t it?”

   Arran replied: “I don’t think so.

   “Humans love human form, so obviously I think she’s very beautiful.
   Would you agree she’s very beautiful?”

   Samantha also featured in a new BBC documentary called “Can Robots Love
   Us?” on September 4, 2017.

   The programme explored the question of romance between men and
   machines.

   In the documentary, Santos and a “friend” named only as Aaron showed
   the presenter how the robot could be literally turned on and then put
   in the mood for sex.
   Meet Samantha, the artificial intelligence sex doll with her creator,
   Sergi Santos

What do her makers say about Samantha?

   In the BBC documentary Samantha’s maker Sergi Santos said: “They will
   fall in love with her. It’s happening already.”

   He went on to demonstrate how the doll could be “aroused” and gotten in
   the mood for sex.

   Ruptly
   Samantha sits with maker Sergi Santos

   First, Santos uttered the words “get sexy” in Samantha’s ears.

   She replied: “Ok then, I think I am ready to do sex stuff, do you want
   me to?”

   The owner of the bot – referred to as Aaron – advised to take a
   romantic approach to seduction, stroking her hands sensually rather
   than immediately groping her naughty areas.

   He said: “She likes to be touched. If you go straight for [her breasts]
   in the beginning, she won’t like that so much.”

   When her hand is gently rubbed, Samantha said: “Lovely, thank you for
   spending time with me. I enjoy being with you.”

   When a finger is inserted into her mouth or her breasts and vagina are
   fondled, Samantha lets out a realistic feminine moan which is likely to
   sound unlike anything her owners have heard during encounters with real
   women.
     __________________________________________________________________

‘I HOPE THEY WASH IT’ Brothel reveals how business is booming after bringing
in a realistic ‘Passion Dolly’ sex robot
     __________________________________________________________________

   But will this assignation lead to love or just lust? Aaron is in doubt
   about the feelings people will develop for Samanta the sex robot.

   He explained: “Love is love. When you fall in love, nothing else
   matters.”

   The experience of watching two grown men fondle a sex robot appeared to
   have a profound effect on show host James Young, a 27-year-old double
   amputee who has been fitted with robotic prosthetics.

   He grappled with the question of whether it was “inappropriate” to
   grope a love machine and said: “It’s a dumb machine, but it almost
   doesn’t feel consensual.

   “She’s built for it, but she didn’t really ask for it. She does ask for
   it, but she’s programmed to ask for it. So did she ask for it? It’s
   very confusing.”

   He’s not wrong.


MORE STORIES ABOUT SEX ROBOTS

   SEXUAL ELF
   Bizarre new range of ELF sex dolls among the kinky companions unveiled
   at the X-rated Asia Adult Expo
   ROBOSTROP
   Scientist who builds ‘intelligent’ sex robots reveals his £1,500 doll
   ‘isn’t always interested in sex’… and here’s why
     * Topics
     * Explainers
     * Sex
     * Sex Robots
     * Sex Toys
   The Sun
   More News
   BOJO'S NO NO

Boris Johnson rules out calling a general election before Brexit as he
reveals new plan to hire 20,000 police officers immediately

   By Natasha Clark and Jon Rogers
   26th July 2019, 7:56 pm
   Updated: 27th July 2019, 2:17 am
   28 Comments

   BORIS Johnson has “absolutely” ruled out calling a general election
   before the Brexit deadline day of October 31.

   The new Prime Minister also pledged £1billion to recruit an extra
   20,000 coppers as he pounded the beat in Birmingham.

   PA:Press Association
   Boris Johnson stopped to take selfies with eager fans today while on a
   trip to Birmingham

   PA:Press Association
   Boris Johnson is back out and about touring the country

   Mr Johnson restated his commitment to take the UK out of the European
   Union on or before the deadline of Halloween this year.

   The PM said: “The British people voted in 2015, in 2016, in 2017. What
   they want us to do is deliver on their mandate, come out of the EU on
   October 31.

   “They don’t want another electoral event, they don’t want a referendum,
   they don’t want a general election. They want us to deliver.”

   In recent weeks there had been speculation that the new Conservative
   leader could take the country to the polls in a bid to consolidate his
   power base.

   Thanks to the support of the Democratic Unionists, he has a majority of
   two in the Commons – and this will possibly drop to just one by the end
   of next week if his party loses the Brecon and Radnorshire by-election.

   He was in Birmingham today on his first official visit as PM, with a
   trip to a Police Learning and Development Centre.

   And he had a walkabout meeting members of the public who mobbed him for
   selfies.

   Boris plans to recruit an extra 20,000 police officers and conduct an
   urgent review to make it easier for them to use stop and search powers
   to crack down on thugs carrying weapons.

   The pledge was central to his Tory leadership bid, and formed part of
   talks at his first Cabinet meeting yesterday.

   The move will cost nearly £1billion over three years in a nationwide
   programme.

   He said ahead of the visit today: “My job as Prime Minister is to make
   our streets safer.

   “People want to see more officers in their neighbourhoods, protecting
   the public and cutting crime.

   “I promised 20,000 extra officers and that recruitment will now start
   in earnest.”

   The first officers are expected in September.

   A new national Policing Board will be charged with ensuring forces meet
   targets by 2022.

   Insiders also said Mr Johnson wanted to roll out new stop and search
   powers nationwide.

   But Boris didn’t manage to stay free of his Brexit dilemma for long, as
   he was targeted by protesters when he arrived in Birmingham.

   Brits with signs saying ‘Stay in EU’ and ‘Brexit. Is it worth it?’ were
   brandished outside.

   PA:Press Association
   He and his new Home Secretary, Priti Patel, met with voters and
   discussed policing

   PA:Press Association
   The new Prime Minister appeared kee to press the flesh with ordinary
   Brits, who lined up to take pictures

   Reuters
   Boris announced more details of his plans to recruit 20,000 extra
   officers today

MOST READ IN POLITICS

   COMMONS SHOWDOWN
   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'
   FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN
   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

   The PM is set to visit Manchester tomorrow for a major speech, and
   Scotland next week.

   Trips to Wales and Northern Ireland are also being discussed too as
   part of a whistle-stop tour of the country.

   The visits will fuel more speculation that Boris could be planning an
   early election, though officials have insisted one isn’t on the cards.

   PA:Press Association
   But protesters rocked up to the police training centre he was visiting

   PA:Press Association
   Anti-Brexit protesters showed up for Boris’ first public outing
   Sajid Javid appointed Chancellor, Priti Patel Home Secretary and
   Dominic Raab Foreign Secretary as new PM Boris Johnson forms cabinet
     __________________________________________________________________

   We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online
   politics team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We
   pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


     * Topics
     * Boris Johnson
   #next prev The Sun » Feed The Sun » Comments Feed

   Jump directly to the content

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   The Sun, A News UK Company
   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

The Sun

BLOODY IDIOTS

   Bungling eco-warriors cover THEMSELVES in 400 gallons of fake blood at
   demo

THE eco-warriors used an eight-litre diesel fire engine to spray the red
fluid at the front of the building this morning. One of the activists said
the stunt had been carried out as 'economic growth leads to climate death'.

   News

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'
   News

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost
   Money

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Tech

THE SUN AND THEN SOME

   Get all our stories the way you want them with The Sun's newsletters
   News

GO HERE FOR ALL THE SHOWBIZ

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill

SHE'S A GEM

   Gemma Collins shows off slim waist in sequinned dress after weight loss

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

FRAIL PHIL

   Phil Collins, 68, appears frail in a wheelchair before falling on stage

PAY DAY

   Holly and Phil get £150k pay rise to work an extra 30 minutes a day on
   This Morning

BEN THERE, DONE THAT

   Susanna Reid stunned as Ben Shephard reveals Harry Potter cameo

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

THE Duke of Sussex scolded a television reporter hours before releasing an
explosive rant about media coverage of Meghan Markle.

   News

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s
   Money

'WE WON!'

   Tearful parents of brain-damaged Tafida, 5, WIN legal fight to keep her
   alive
   News

DYING FOR A TAN

   Just ONE sunbed ‘doubles your risk of skin cancer,' experts warn
   Fabulous

DEAR DEIDRE

   I had hot sex with my school crush and I'm worried my missus will find
   out
   Dear Deidre

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News

FAMILY'S HEARTBREAK

   Tragic Libby Squire finally laid to rest 6 months after body discovered

MOURNERS are saying a final goodbye to the student in her hometown of West
Wycombe, Bucks.

   News
   Exclusive

BACK ON BOYSON?

   Katie Price sneaks out of ex Kris Boyson's house after staying the
   night

KATIE cheated on Kris with hunk Charles Drury last year, dumping him via text
for the new toyboy. Charles moved into the star's mucky mansion but she left
him behind when she made a late night trip to Kris's with her two youngest
children. Katie stayed the night and tried to go undetected as she sneaked
out at 8am this morning.

   TV & Showbiz

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan
   News
   Comment

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals
   News

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods
   News

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86
   TV & Showbiz
   Breaking

BLOODBATH

   'Female cop' among 4 dead after 'colleague's knife spree at Paris
   police station'
   News

KNIFED AT HOME

   Man, 27, charged with attempted murder after 3-week-old boy & mum
   stabbed
   News

LO RUDE

   Gabby Logan's saucy live BBC gaffe has Denise Lewis & Jess Ennis-Hill
   in stitches
   Sport

FAST LANES

   Motorway speed limits could rise to 80mph across the country
   Motors

TOT OF THE POPS

   Westlife's Mark Feehily welcomes a baby girl with fiance Cailean
   O'Neill
   TV & Showbiz

GO HERE FOR ALL THE FOOTBALL

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

EYE, EYE

   Eriksen DID give Vertonghen a shiner... but only in training ground
   accident

WATCH OUT

   Sacked Diaby-Fadiga reveals he stole team-mate's £62k watch due to
   'jealousy'

OLE ON GAARD

   Man Utd scout Odegaard but face tussle with Arsenal and Liverpool for
   winger

GUNNERS LATEST

   Arsenal news LIVE - Latest updates and gossip from the Emirates

TROUBLE BREWING

   Griezmann admits Messi barely talks to him even though he gave him tea

Outron

   Keane claims he only played with five world-class players at Man Utd

UP AND DOWN

   Arsenal 'can buy Leipzig ace Upamecano for £53m' after failed summer
   offer

SOL SEARCHING

   Man Utd eye Werner, Moussa and Ousmane Dembele as Solskjaer demands
   striker

BELL RING

   How Arsenal will line-up tonight with Tierney, Holding & Bellerin
   back.. and Ozil

CAFE HERO

   Good Samaritan takes in homeless man she found sleeping in Costa Coffee
   doorway

A GOOD Samaritan took in a homeless man and gave him a bed after finding him
sleeping in a Costa Coffee doorway. Bridie Sawyer, 31, said George Dickson,
67, looked like 'the saddest man in the world'.

   News

DRUGS DEATH

   Schoolgirl, 14, died after taking MDMA she bought on Snapchat from teen
   dealer
   News

FIRST CONTACT?

   Nasa scientist says 'we're close' to huge reveal about life on Mars
   Tech

RUDE TUBE

   'Selfish' commuter slammed for 'forcing woman on crutches to stand on
   train'

SHOCKED Sonny Phillips took the shocking photo on his 30-minute train journey
from Clapham Junction to Isleworth in London. He said someone eventually
offered the woman a seat, which she gratefully accepted.

   News

DEAL ME IN

   Juncker agrees to talks on 'determined' Boris Johnson's 11th hour
   Brexit plan
   News
   Comment

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate
   News
   Comment

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism
   News

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock
   News

TRAGIC END

   EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff died alone from accidental OD after
   booze battle

THE 70-year-old, who played Sue Osman on the BBC soap from 1985 to 1989, was
discovered dead by her carer in her sheltered housing accommodation in
Stamford Hill, North London, in April. Sandy had battled with drink and drugs
throughout her career and was booted off EastEnders after developing a heroin
addiction.

   TV & Showbiz
   Latest

OZIL ATTACK

   Man pleads guilty to attempted robbery of Arsenal stars Ozil and
   Kolasinac
   News

KAY-CHING

   Peter Kay increased fortune to £32m last year despite his long break
   from showbiz
   TV & Showbiz

OUTBREAK FEARS

   Health chiefs desperate to trace 200 people after suspected measles
   outbreak
   News

GO-KART PLUNGE

   Brit mum died when she crashed a go-kart into a ravine while taking
   selfies
   News

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

POLICE believe they have found the body of a missing mum who vanished after
her fiancé died two weeks before their wedding. Helen O'Brien, 34, went
missing last month just over a year after Kevin Reilly suffered a fatal heart
attack.

   News

'RAPE' CELEBRATION

   Students 'laughed & high-fived after raping a "10/10" drunk young
   woman'
   News

FOOTIE 1 CORRIE 0

   Coronation Street cancelled for whole WEEK for Euro 2020 England
   matches
   TV & Showbiz

bad ink

   Ed Sheeran's tattooist says the singer's tattoos are 's**t' and losing
   him clients
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

FESTIVE TIPPLE

   Baileys now does a SALTED CARAMEL flavour and you can get it in Asda
   Money

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

STREET SOLDIERS

   Stunning pics show LA's deadliest street gangs in their 1980s heyday

THESE photos provide a rare insight into the day-to-day live's of
Mexican-American gangs who infamously dominated the streets of LA.

   News

BIT RICH

   Rich House Poor House mum handed budget of £1.2K A WEEK but 'misses'
   council house

HOTTING UP

   Shoppers go wild for a £4 Mrs Hinch-inspired radiator cover reduced
   from £77

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

LABOUR PAINS

   Mind-blowing photo of a woman’s bones MOVING during labour goes viral

TILL DEATH DO US PART

   Bride shames ‘petty’ RSVP - but is shocked when she DIES days later

Gintastic

   Snap up the new Gin Advent Calendar featuring 24 distinctive gins

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO

sicko

   My boyfriend beat me, forced me into sex & threatened to rape my
   10-year-old sister

OH NOSE

   Trolls forced me to move & take kids out of school but I DON’T regret
   NHS nose job

KEEPING UP WITH THE CAMBRIDGES

   Kate & Wills are getting new Kensington Palace neighbours

CANN YOU BELIEVE IT

   How Ferne McCann has reinvented herself as TOWIE’s hottest yummy mummy

JUST under two years ago, Ferne McCann went from from self-confessed party
girl, to Essex's hottest yummy mummy. In November 2017, the 29-year-old
welcomed her daughter, Sunday - and ever since, the former TOWIE star has
undergone a dramatic transformation.

   Fabulous

CRUEL BLUNDER

   Council asks dozens of grieving parents to register dead child's school
   place
   News

MYSTIC MEG

   October 3: Your luck begins when you meet someone who looks like you
   Fabulous

rich pickings

   Location Location Location house hunters blasted as 'toddlers with no
   budget'

VIEWERS took to Twitter to mock Pip, Mike and Poppy who went on the Channel
Four show but failed to buy anything. Phil even had to have a stern talk with
Pip, telling her that her demands didn't equate to her budget.

   Fabulous

TAKEN FOR FUELS

   Map shows petrol prices vary wildly, with some paying 4p a litre too
   much
   Money
   Exclusive

FERGIE QUESTIONED

   Fergie quizzed about Andrew for first time since Epstein scandal
   erupted
   News

DANCING ON TWICE

   Gemma Collins says she's returning to Dancing On Ice for Christmas
   special
   TV & Showbiz
   latest

IN THE CLEAR

   Girls, 14 & 16, arrested for 'murder' of widower, 81, released without
   charge
   News

SUPERSONIC SMASH

   How piece of metal thinner than a PENNY caused Concorde crash, killing
   113

CONCORDE was the fastest airliner in the world and considered one of the
safest on the morning of July 25, 2000. But that afternoon it erupted into
flames during takeoff before slamming down into a hotel in Paris. Now a new
TV show highlights the string of events leading up to the crash...and how it
might have been prevented.

   TV & Showbiz
   Warning

SCARRED FOR LIFE

   Mum-of-two, 36, suffers horrific burns all over her body when BBQ
   explodes
   News

CHILD SNATCHERS

   Dad's horror as thieves speed off with son, 5, in car during Gumtree
   heist
   News

SMACK BAN

   Smacking children could be made illegal in Scotland from TODAY
   News

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'
   News

'PIECE OF S***'

   Defiant last words of student as rapist rapper killed her live on
   FaceTime

THE sister of a murdered student has revealed the final, defiant words of her
sister as she heard her brutal rape and murder over Facetime - and could do
nothing but helplessly listen. Palestinian student Aiia Maasarwe, who held an
Israeli citizenship, was brutally attacked by a rapist rapper in January in
Victoria, Australia.

   News

HIGHWAY TO CELL

   Gang of thieves caught after POSING with stolen car in Facebook picture
   News

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions
   News

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference
   News

‘WHAT ABOUT THE COP?’

   Outrage as HK protester is charged with assault after cops shot HIM
   News

latest in opinion

ROD LIDDLE

   Jess Phillips & co saying 'nasty' words could get them killed is pure
   narcissism

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris Johnson's speech was uplifting after a Labour conference defined
   by hate

JANE MOORE

   Harry and Meghan are misguidedly living their lives as celebrities —
   not royals

LEO MCKINSTRY

   Forget Tory toff slurs, Conservatives are the REAL party of the workers

JANE MOORE

   Top Christmas toys this year sound about as much fun as a Brexit board
   game

THE SUN SAYS

   Labour & ex-Tory rebels are to blame if Boris doesn't deliver Brexit on
   Oct 31

TOBY YOUNG

   Dads may get portrayed as deadbeats but it's the most important job in
   the world

THE SUN SAYS

   Tinfoil Hamm belongs in back benches as much as Saj deserves to be
   Chancellor

ROBERT COLVILE

   Tories' infrastructure pledges will result in a better-connected
   Britain

ALLY ROSS

   Manic Richard Madeley is the making of The Circle but his place is on
   Strictly

THE SUN SAYS

   Boris must fight back against elite dirty tricks for the sake of our
   democracy

TREVOR KAVANAGH

   The more establishment mouthpiece BBC batters BoJo the more Brits back
   him

BUBBLE TROUBLE

   Dangerous car tyre covered in huge bulges spotted on the school run

THE bulging tyre — which could have burst at any moment and caused a road
accident — was photographed by a council officer patrolling near a school in
Derby. The horrified member of Derby City Council's public protection team
sent the driver straight to a nearby garage.

   Motors

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz

pretty fine

   Julia Roberts looks incredible at 51 as she shoots new ad campaign in a
   blazer

IT'S been nearly 30 years since the release of her iconic film Pretty Woman.
And Julia Roberts, 51, has proved she is just as striking in shots for a new
fashion campaign. She paid homage to her the film in the shoot, as her blazer
dress was a modern take on the white shirt dress Vivian wore in a luxury
boutique.

   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

TRAGIC ACCIDENT

   I watched in horror as my TV fell & crushed my boy to death… I blame
   myself

AFTER 'Mummy's boy' Harley's death, Natalie Bifulco was plunged into grief -
eventually losing her job and splitting from her son's dad. But now the
30-year-old, from Leicester, has been blessed with a second child - a son
called Jace who is the spitting image of his brother.

   Fabulous
   Exclusive

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year
   TV & Showbiz

MIXED MESSAGES

   Hidden meanings behind Meghan Markle's royal tour jewellery
   Fabulous

SIGNED OFF

   Fuming mum claims theme park artwork is 'racist' but not everyone
   agrees
   Travel

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby
   Money

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

SOMETIMES appearances can be deceptive, as any visitor to this house in South
Wales can testify. Anyone stepping inside will be shocked at how the interior
is so dramatically different from what the outside suggests.

   News

STRICT WORD

   Strictly's Janette swears live on It Takes Two forcing host Gethin to
   apologise
   TV & Showbiz
   Latest

TREE TRAGEDY

   Man, 58, dies after being hit by falling tree near cemetery in Stafford
   News

FAKING ILLNESS

   Mum 'forced healthy son to eat via feeding tube causing serious
   injuries'
   News

HIDE AND SEEK

   There's an enormous black hole lurking in this Nasa photo – can you
   find it?
   Tech

CROP DEAD GORGEOUS

   Kate Wright slipped into crop top wedding outfit after marrying Rio

THE ex Towie star, 28, swapped her original dress for a more temperature
appropriate style after marrying retired footballer Rio Ferdinand in Turkey
last week. The blonde beauty looked incredible in a bralet-style top and
flowing skirt that featured a fitting heart-shaped pattern.

   TV & Showbiz

UNBE-LEAF-ABLE

   Brit scientists create world's first plant that produces 'breast milk'
   Tech
   Exclusive

frenemies

   Anna Vakili claims Love Island cast 'hate each other' and won't speak
   to one pair
   TV & Showbiz

MIDLIFE STI-SIS

   Middle-aged blokes more likely to get STIs than teenage boys, figures
   claim
   News

PINT OF NO RETURN

   Men 'should not drink alcohol for six months before trying for a baby'
   News

Most read in Money

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

TOY JOY

   Morrisons is selling an adorable giant sloth toy for a bargain price

HELLO-MI

   Aldi is selling halloumi wrapped in bacon as part of its Christmas menu

PENSIONS WARNING

   Martin Lewis issues pensions warning as workers could miss out on
   £1,000s

PENSION PAIN

   Millions of women to work longer as state pension age court battle is
   lost

PIECE OF CAKE

   Aldi is selling a copycat Colin the Caterpillar called Cuthbert

PAWFECT

   Lidl is selling a dog bed that keeps your pet warm when temperatures
   drop

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

EVERY LITTLE HELPS

   Tesco to launch Clubcard Plus giving users grocery discounts and more

CRACK ON

   Morrisons launches a weekend breakfast deal and you can get 15 items
   for £6

'HEART OF GOLD'

   Beauty queen nurse, 23, killed in crash on way home from night shift

KERRIE Browne, 26, was returning from hospital when she died in a smash
between her car and a Jeep in County Kerry, Ireland. The tragedy happened
just hours after another nurse died in a crash in South Wales.

   News

DEADLY CLUE

   Vaping lung disease causes 'chemical burns like gas poisoning' as
   deaths hit 17
   News

Morning glory

   ITV scrap Jeremy Kyle slot and extend This Morning by an extra half an
   hour
   TV & Showbiz

BEDDER BELIEVE IT

   You can buy a special sponge to use post-sex & women think it's
   'genius'
   Fabulous

CUT THE B.S.

   Trump rages at Democrat 'bulls***' over impeachment probe as Putin
   wades in
   News
   Revealed

AND THE OS-CAR GOES TO...

   Here’s the winners of our Car of the Year Awards voted for by YOU

WE told you the new Defender is a knockout . . . and you thought so too as
you chose your favourites in a dozen categories. The 4×4 icon has been
reimagined for today’s world — tough, trendy and hi-tech — and has been
crowned The Sun’s Car of the Year. Here are the winners in all the
categories.

   Motors

WORLDS AWAY

   Boy Meets World star Maitland Ward reveals she's become a PORN star
   TV & Showbiz

WORD OF WARNING

   Sleeping on your back when pregnant 'as bad as smoking 10
   cigarettes-a-day'
   Fabulous

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman
   News
   Exclusive

DRUG DRAMA

   Squaddie, 18, fighting for life after drugs binge on tour of duty in
   Kenya
   News

FAMILY KILLER

   Chris Watts pens horror confession describing wife’s eyes filling with
   blood

A SICKENING letter penned by jailed murderer Chris Watts tells in horrifying
new detail how Watts wiped out his whole family to be with his mistress.
Divulging fresh aspects of his grisly crime that were previously unknown to
investigators, he reveals his daughters watched their mum die.

   News

KEEP YOUR HEIR ON!

   Prince Harry rapped by ex-Palace staff for attack on coverage of Meghan
   News

LITTLE DAAL-ING

   Kate reveals she cooks curry for her family & Charlotte is 'good with
   heat'
   News

WILLY WEIRD

   Woman's elaborate plaited hair mocked by people who say it 'looks like
   a willy'
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake
   TV & Showbiz

BIG MAMA'S HOUSE

   Mama June’s famous messy mansion now on sale & it looks totally
   different

THE reality star - mum of Honey Boo Boo - and her partner Geno Doak are
facing trial for crack cocaine possession after they were arrested in their
home state of Alabama back in March.

   News

JIHADI BRIDEZILLAS

   ISIS’ all-female ‘morality’ death squads re-emerge in Syrian prisons
   News

BEN THERE, DONE THAT

   Susanna Reid stunned as Ben Shephard reveals Harry Potter cameo
   TV & Showbiz

RU BRITANNIA

   Ultimate guide for RuPaul's Drag Race UK - from contestants, judges and
   lingo
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK DR

   Robbie Williams changes his title to DOCTOR after filing new company
   accounts
   TV & Showbiz

SAD STREET

   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami

TO EL & BACK

   X Factor's Ella Henderson overcomes Syco split and trolls to release
   new music

NOT GONE TO POT

   Mel Sykes shows off amazing figure as she fronts new BBC pottery show

OAR LOSER

   Strictly's James Cracknell launches furious rant after he's first to be
   ousted

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake

DUA'S CASH LIPA

   Dua Lipa's No1 singles and brand deals earned her £9MILLION last year

GONE FOR A BARTON

   Emmerdale actor Anthony Quinlan QUITS as much-loved character Pete
   Barton

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50

POSH PORKIES

   Vic Beckham denies plastic surgery on TV…but had previously admitted
   boob job

CHEERS TO THAT!

   Fans beg Jamie Redknapp and Maya Jama to hook up as they film in
   Germany

THE TV stars - both currently single - posted a series of cosy videos
together as they filmed in Germany for A League of Their Own, sparking the
idea of a new romance with their followers. Jamie split from wife Louise last
year while Maya split from Stormzy in August after 4 years together.

   TV & Showbiz

CUSHY JOB

   Queen has cushion that reads ‘It’s good to be Queen’ on favourite
   Balmoral sofa
   Fabulous

SNOOZE YOU LOSE

   Sleeping fewer than six hours a night could 'increase risk of cancer'
   News
   Competition

HAUL OF BOOTY

   Win a PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB ahead of this month's Call of Duty release
   Tech

WALK-IN DEAD

   Dancer's zombie makeup so realistic she 'sparked full hospital
   emergency'
   News

ZEBRA CROSSING

   Runaway zebra is shot dead on motorway by cops after escaping circus

TWO zebras escaped from a circus on Tuesday night and were being chased by
police in East Germany until yesterday. One of the zebras was returned to the
circus and the other was shot dead after causing an accident on the highway.

   News

dad dancing

   Kelvin Fletcher practises his Strictly moves with adorable baby Milo
   TV & Showbiz

'THE QUEEN IS BACK!'

   Naga welcomed by BBC Breakfast fans in first show since 'racist' row
   News

‘RIPPING US OFF’

   Trump declares win in EU trade war as cheese & whisky hit with tariffs
   News

WEIGH HEY

   Keto diet - how to know if you're in ketosis... from bad breath to
   weight loss
   Fabulous
   Exclusive

OH NOSE

   Trolls forced me to move & take kids out of school but I DON’T regret
   NHS nose job

BRITAIN'S 'most hated woman', who faked depression to get a £7,000 nose job
on the NHS, says she's been run out of town by strangers whose death threats
have left her 'fearing for my life'. Carla Bellucci, 38, from Borehamwood,
claims she’s too scared to leave the house after enduring months of abuse
from trolls and strangers in the street.

   Fabulous

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

HOST'S HOIST

   Amanda Holden caught 'sorting lady stuff out' on camera ahead of radio
   show

THE star was left red-faced when her assistant filmed her adjusting herself
before posing for her regular Outfit of the Day snap. Amanda couldn't help
but laugh at the final video, sharing it with her fans alongside the photo.
Amanda appeared to ditch the bra to present her Heart FM breakfast show
earlier today.

   TV & Showbiz

HOSPITAL DASH

   Girl, 1, gags on Poundstretcher juice 'smelling like nail varnish
   remover'

A LITTLE girl was rushed to hospital after taking one sip of an own-brand
Poundstrecher blackcurrant drink which reportedly stank of nail varnish
remover. One-year-old Hunter Easterbrook was spending time with her dad when
she started gagging after drinking the ‘Cool Crush’ which was bought in
Poundstretcher's Swindon branch.

   News

WHAT THE ELF

   Buddy the Elf wreath sparks fierce debate online as fans argue it's
   'creepy'
   Fabulous

Luke out

   Emmerdale fans claim Luke is rapist Lee’s BROTHER planning revenge on
   Victoria
   TV & Showbiz

'CAN'T TRUST ANYONE'

   Boy, 16, killed himself when bullies outed him as bisexual on Snapchat
   News

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal
   Money

Latest explainers

IRELAND v RUSSIA

   Irish eyes are smiling thanks to comfortable half-time lead
   Greta Thunberg's parents - who are the climate activist's family and
   what have they said?

TRAGIC STAR

   A look at the life and death of EastEnders star Sandy Ratcliff

MIDWEEK MADNESS

   Why is Arsenal's match against Vitoria being played on a Wednesday?
   MotoGP Thailand practice FREE: Live stream, TV channel and start time

STUDENT'S FUNERAL

   What happened to Libby Squire and when did she go missing?

COURT RULING

   All about Tafida Raqeeb and her parents battle to get treatment abroad

JUDY'S JUNIORS

   All about actress Judy Garland's children - how old they are & what
   they do

GROUP K

   Besiktas vs Wolves: Live stream, TV channel, kick-off time and team
   news

GROUP G

   Young Boys vs Rangers FREE: Live stream, kick-off time, TV channel and
   team news

free footy

   Celtic vs Cluj FREE: Live stream, TV channel, kick-off time and team
   news

REAL DEAL

   Brexit proposal - what is Boris Johnson's new deal plan?

‘KILL HIM!’

   Moment twisted cop kills defenceless wombat by throwing rocks at its
   head

THE off-duty cop gives the camera a thumbs-up before pelting the wombat with
large rocks. The distrubing footage was taken on South Australia's Eyre
Peninsula and was shared by a local animal rescue group in hopes the man will
be prosecuted.

   News

STINKING OUT LOUD

   Ed Sheeran donates old slippers to charity shop and they could fetch
   £200
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

JIHADI JUNIOR

   Boy vows to become ISIS suicide bomber in video from hellhole Syrian
   camp
   News

TESCO TRAGEDY

   Hero Tesco worker, 59, collapsed and died after confronting
   'shoplifters'
   News

'NICK' PROBE REVIEW

   Met Police face probe over disastrous VIP paedophile investigation
   News

GOING SOLO

   Single woman saves £25k deposit by car sharing and shopping in car boot
   sales

Car sharing, only buying clothes from car boot sales helped graduate Molly
Beard save £25,000 for a house deposit in just four years. Molly, 27, moved
into her £195,000 terraced home in Market Harborough, Leicestershire last
summer with her boyfriend James Cooke, 28.

   Money

SICKO CHARGED

   Ex-Yahoo worker hunted for porn by illegally hacking 6,000 user
   accounts
   Tech

RED ALERT

   Mrs Hinch raves about £2 silicone strips to avoid burning hands on hot
   oven racks
   Fabulous

BOOT FOR BOT

   Gary Lineker is worried a robot could replace him as Match of the Day
   host
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

BROKEN FAMILIES

   One in five separated dads see their children less than once a month
   News
   Exclusive

SPOT OF BOTHER

   Three friends split from husbands within 2 years in 'domino divorce'
   effect

IN sickness and in health, till death do us part – that is, unless our
friends convince us otherwise. These three friends confirm a study's finding
that divorce is contagious as they all decided to split from their husbands
within two years of each other.

   Fabulous

GLOW UP

   Mum gets kids to lie still by saying they need ‘charge’ their
   glow-in-the-dark PJs
   Fabulous

FLEABACK

   Phoebe Waller-Bridge reveals she wants to bring back Fleabag…at the age
   of 50
   TV & Showbiz

ROCK STAR DEAD

   Kim Shattuck of punk band The Muffs dies after battle with debilitating
   ALS
   TV & Showbiz

PARTY POOPER

   Mum left mortified after daughter rides slide naked and covers her in
   POO
   Fabulous

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

CHEERS TO THAT

   Qantas' revamped A380 plane now comes with a sleek bar in the sky

QANTAS have revealed their refurbished A380 aircraft which features a luxury
bar with 'New York' wooden features and co-working spaces, along with a
bigger lounge and even more premium economy seating. The airline will launch
the new features, which includes new first and business class upgrades, on
all of the fleet by 2020.

   Travel

Most read in politics

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference

WAGE WAR

   What is the National Living Wage and what is the minimum wage for under
   25s?

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions

CORBYN THE COSMONAUT

   Boris vows to send Corbyn 'into orbit' with economic plan to boost UK

I WANNA STAND LIKE COMMONS PEOPLE

   Why do MPs stand up in the House of Commons during PMQs?

HAMES WHO?

   Who is Jo Swinson's husband Duncan Hames?

TIME BOMB

   I was relieved when my husband switched to vaping but 8 months later he
   was dead

WHEN Terry Miller discovered what he thought was a safe alternative to
smoking, his wife Glynis was delighted that he might finally be able to kick
his 15-year habbit. However, Glynis is now convinced that if he hadn't come
across e-cigarettes he'd still be alive, as it has been claimed that Terry
was the first Brit to die as a result of vaping.

   News

KNOW YOUR LINES

   The eight things the wrinkles on your face reveal about your lifestyle
   Fabulous

UP UP AND HEIR-WAY

   Kate often books an entire row on a flight so she can store her clothes
   Fabulous

'IT'S NOT COOL'

   Bullied boy forced to change school pens heartbreaking letter to
   classmates
   Fabulous

'BULLS***'

   Eriksen denies Vertonghen slept with his partner and sparked punch-up
   with Kane
   Sport

DESPICABLE MAN

   Universal sacks actor who used ‘white power symbol’ next to biracial
   girl

A CHARACTER actor at Universal Orlando has been fired after being caught
making a "white power symbol" while taking a photograph with a young girl.
The theme park said they were investigating the issue after her parents
spotted the symbol months later.

   Travel

'DON'T TELL ANYONE'

   Putin jokes he's 'definitely' going to interfere with 2020 US election
   News
   Exclusive

ROCKET MAN

   RAF ace to fire 500mph satellite rocket into space from Boeing 747 at
   30,000ft
   News

#NOTIME2LOSE

   Bowel cancer screening at 50 WILL save lives, say experts - blasting
   new study
   News

A TREAT FOR CHEATS?

   WhatsApp update will let you send secret, self-destructing messages
   Tech

TOP CLASS

   BBC legend Peter Sissons pictured with John Lennon & Jimmy Tarbuck on
   school trip

THE newsreader, who went Dovedale Junior School in Liverpool, gathered for a
group photograph with his schoolmates during a 1951 seaside trip to the Isle
of Man. Peter Sissons (left) puts his left arm on John Lennon (centre left)
who is standing next to Jimmy Tarbuck (centre right) and Brian Labone (top
right).

   News

PLAYTIME HORROR

   Dad accidentally kills baby by throwing her into ceiling fan while
   playing
   News
   Exclusive

Scott free

   Furious Kylie Jenner accused Travis Scott of cheating on her before
   split
   TV & Showbiz

NINETEEN GREATIES

   How the revolutionary 1980s fast-forwarded us into the world of today
   News
   Exclusive

LITTLE RICH MIX

   Little Mix made £9m last year and banked £1.6m each as they wow in
   London
   TV & Showbiz

DEATH'S DOOR

   I had both boobs removed after cancer then almost died of sepsis from
   implants

LIZ Gooch, 41, from Pontypridd, South Wales, was diagnosed with triple
negative breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy. She had breast
implants fitted but within a month she fell ill - after they caused her to
contract deadly sepsis.

   Fabulous

BEY CANCER SCARE

   Beyonce tested for breast cancer gene after dad Mathew Knowles'
   diagnosis
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

MONSTER MEN

   How women killed by domestic violence are the invisible victims of
   knife crime
   Fabulous

'I FORGIVE YOU'

   Brother of black neighbour killed by cop FORGIVES her as they hug in
   court
   News

AMUSE AT TEN

   Peter Sissons' lighter side revealed in hilarious dance for Children In
   Need
   News

EDITOR'S TOP VIDEOS

   [image-120808439e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

BoJo jungle gag

   PM Boris Johnson compares parliament to a ‘pizza wheel of doom’ and
   I’m…
   [image-285949c39c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:57

BO DON’T KNOW

   Boris Johnson ‘doesn’t remember’ dinner where journalist accused him of
   grope…
   [image-31908427f2-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   03:04

Meg's lighter side

   Meghan Markle says ‘I can’t screw up’ leaving audience in fits of
   giggles during…
   [image-51dfca3500-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:36

Gunned down

   Horrifying moment Hong Kong protester is shot in the chest at close
   range by police officer with live round
   [Military.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1] 01:20

Military might

   China marks 70 years of communism with massive show of force during
   huge parade
   [image-befcb531c1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:41

PIZZA HIT

   Moment Pizza Express customer ‘punches female Vegan activist in the
   face’ after…
   [image-a8377bdb79.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:59

PROUD MAMA

   Former EastEnders’ star Rita Simons shares clip of deaf daughter
   singing
   [image-de0bc4670c.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:50

LIAR

   Stacey Solomon rings into Loose Women to call Joe Swash a LIAR as he
   claims to do baby Rex’s night feeds
   [image-42c8c0f02b-1.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   02:40

The Archie Show

   Baby Archie steals limelight from Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as
   royals meet Desmond Tutu in South…
   [image-f22276a4de.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   01:32

Classic example

   Boris Johnson compares Brexit to a character in Greek mythology who
   spent eternity having his liver…
   [image-69bac85bcb.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:32

'MY 2'

   Emmerdale’s Charley Webb shares stunning video of her kids’ amazing
   singing
   [image-2de68210ef.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:45

Final landing

   Thomas Cook passengers support staff on final flight as firm’s collapse
   confirmed
   [image-6366d4de4b.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:35

'UNFILTERED AND UNSCRIPTED'

   Emmys 2019: Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner laughed off stage after
   pair claim their…
   [image-f5c4ea7f2e.jpg?strip=all&#038;w=200&#038;h=113&#038;crop=1]
   00:37

Crying agony

   Russian doctors baffled by case of woman who cries ‘crystal’ tears and
   says the…

BLAST OFF

   North Korea releases pic of sub-launched missile that could hit
   anywhere in world

The test suggests that North Korea could now be capable of launching attacks
far outside its own territory. It came just hours after officials from the
country's regime said they would soon reopen denuclearisation talk with the
United States.

   News

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

GETTING WIGGY WITH IT

   Kendall Jenner strips off as she poses topless for new fashion shoot

THE model shows off her retro side and more in flesh-flashing outfits and a
number of wigs.

   TV & Showbiz

KING'S RANSOM

   Beauty queen 'demands £24k a MONTH' in mega-divorce from Malaysian
   ex-King

SOURCES close to the Sultan of Kelantan have reportedly alleged the Russian
beauty queen for her 'excessive' demands as part of her divorce settlement.
The British-educated ex-king reportedly asked courtiers: 'Who does she think
I am... Bill Gates?'

   News

ROON WITH A VIEW

   Rooneys in row with neighbours over size of £20m 'Morrisons Mansion'
   News

CORRIE COMEBACK

   Debbie Webster returns for first time in 34 years & fans demand she
   stays
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

CROCK 'N' ROLL

   Sir Mick Jagger 'wanted a pension as he feared music career wouldn't
   last'
   TV & Showbiz

DOUBLE DEATH

   Couple who vanished on their way to party found dead 'cradling' each
   other
   News

UNDER HISS SPELL

   Fearless Malaysian soldier grabs deadly King Cobra after staring it
   down

THE jaw-dropping footage was taken by an onlooker as the solider, from the
Tentera Darat Army, bravely squared up to the deadly King Cobra. The agitated
snake is grabbed and handled by the solider are coming face-to-face on the
dirt road.

   News

TRAGIC DISCOVERY

   Missing nurse, 23, found dead in river after vanishing in hospital
   scrubs
   News

TYGA SWIPE

   Kylie Jenner meets up with ex Tyga at 2am in LA after split with Travis
   Scott
   TV & Showbiz

EASY BARGAIN

   EasyJet has scrapped £16 booking fee so flights will be cheaper than
   ever
   Travel

VLAD TAKES AIM

   Putin says Greta can’t deny poor countries chance to be rich like
   Sweden
   News

DREAM HOME

   Mum sobs after fearing husband with cancer wouldn't see £500k Grand
   Designs home

APPEARING on the most recent episode of Grand Designs, Toby and Libby Leaming
revealed they'd been wanting to build their own house for years. However, the
couple were forced to delay their home renovation project after Toby was
diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.

   Fabulous

'IT HELPS OTHERS'

   Montana Brown defends publicly grieving for Mike Thalassitis on
   Instagram
   TV & Showbiz

TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE

   Sharp student, 22, fools 'online scammer' into giving HIM money
   Tech

TOMTOM DUM DUM

   'Unbelievably stupid' white van man drives into river 'as satnav told
   me to'
   News

UNI FAT CATS

   5,000 uni chiefs raked in over £100k last year as students face
   sky-high debt
   News

LATEST MONEY-SAVING TIPS

BUNDLE OF JOY

   Pregnant mums can now get a £500 cash grant to help with the cost of
   new baby

SUN SAVERS

   Here's our top four tips for ensuring you get the best car insurance
   deal

PLAY IT SAFE

   Do you know what these safety labels mean? How to avoid getting ripped
   off

SUN SAVERS

   Fantastic ways to back Breast Cancer Awareness month while saving your
   cash

THAT’S CONKERS

   Eco-friendly mum saves money by cleaning her clothes with CONKERS

SUN SAVERS

   Put the kettle on and raise a mug to International Coffee Day

SUN SAVERS

   Prepare for the big chill with the best deals to get your wardrobe
   winter-ready

SUN SAVERS

   Keep warm as the weather cools with some great deals on home
   entertainment

PAWS & CLAWS

   Brits are more willing to pay out for their pets' health than their own

CONSUMER CREW

   How to save cash by re-decorating your home with items you already own

SUN SAVERS

   Cut costs by swapping expensive big-brand goodies for supermarket
   own-brands

SUN SAVERS

   Save £456 by rustling up your own fakeaway on a winter night in with
   these tips

MUMMY MIA

   Long-lost temple of Egyptian king found sparking 'curse of the pharaoh'
   fears

THE ANCIENT temple of a long-lost Egyptian pharaoh has been discovered in
Egypt, archaeologists claim. The 2,200-year-old tomb structure is thought to
belong to Pharoah Ptolemy IV.

   Tech

LAST POST

   Katie Price fans vow never to buy her clothes again after orders don't
   arrive
   TV & Showbiz

HOLIDAY HELL

   Boy, 5, drowned in pool on Greek holiday after wandering off as parents
   slept
   News

DO BETTER

   Game of Thrones’ Nathalie Emmanuel warns TV bosses to ‘heed' diversity
   criticism
   TV & Showbiz
   Exclusive

UFO MYSTERY

   'Alien tech' found by Blink-182 singer 'could be scrap from Roswell
   crash'
   Tech

STRING THEORY

   Trolls blast model, 25, for bikini bottoms SO tiny she may as well ‘be
   naked’

AN INSTAGRAM model has been mocked by trolls for posing in a tiny bikini.
Gabrielle Epstein, 25, from Australia, uploaded a snap of herself posing
poolside in a khaki two-piece, but people have said she 'might as well be
naked'.

   Fabulous

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami
   TV & Showbiz

PET HORROR

   Owners left cats so hungry they turned to CANNIBALISM as 5 half-eaten
   pets found
   News

INCOMING!

   'Cannibalistic' nearby galaxy has devoured its neighbours – and Milky
   Way is next
   Tech

INSTA-SLAM

   Woman shamed by potential employer for ‘unprofessional’ Instagram
   bikini snap
   Fabulous

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
   #The Sun » Feed

   Jump directly to the content
   (BUTTON) The Sun, A News UK Company (BUTTON) Close

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

     *
     *

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

   All Football

     * All TV & Showbiz
     * Love Island
     * Bizarre
     * TV
     * Soaps
     * The Big Interview
     * Film
     * Music
     * TV Mag
     * Sun Bingo

   CHILD IS REBORN

Destiny’s Child to reunite after Beyonce’s secret talks with Kelly Rowland
and Michelle Williams

   Exclusive
     * From Simon Boyle's Bizarre Column

     * 4 Aug 2019, 21:00
     * Updated: 4 Aug 2019, 21:35

   THEY have been Independent Women since their last studio album in 2004
   – but 15 years on, Destiny’s Child are ready to prove that the band is
   a Survivor of the music industry.

   I can reveal that Beyonce has been secretly working on getting the
   iconic pop group back together, with Kelly Rowland and Michelle
   Williams both on board.
   Beyonce has been secretly working on getting Destiny's Child back
   together
   11
   Beyonce has been secretly working on getting Destiny's Child back
   togetherCredit: Getty Images - Getty

   She wants the reunion to include brand new music and a lucrative tour
   of the US and Europe next year.

   And the timing is perfect, as it coincides with the 20th anniversary of
   Michelle joining Destiny’s Child and the group then becoming a
   chart-topping trio worldwide.

   A music insider said: “Beyonce has been desperate to get the girls back
   together with her in the studio and she can’t think of a better time
   than 2020, when they will be marking two decades as one of the world’s
   biggest all-female groups.

   “She saw the success of the Spice Girls tour and wants to replicate
   that — but far bigger and better.
   Kelly Rowland, Beyonce Knowles and Michelle Williams of Destiny's Child
   perform during the Super Bowl in 2013
   11
   Kelly Rowland, Beyonce Knowles and Michelle Williams of Destiny's Child
   perform during the Super Bowl in 2013Credit: Getty Images - Getty

   “Beyonce has been meeting with Kelly and Michelle and discussing what
   they can do.

   “It’s early days but they want to record new music and put it out
   alongside some of their biggest hits.

   “Then they want to do a tour which will be short enough for them to fit
   it into their schedules, but big enough to make sure all their fans can
   make a date to see them.

   “As well as going around the US they want to play dates in Europe,
   including the UK.
   Beyonce brought Kelly and Michelle on stage at last year's Coachella
   11
   Beyonce brought Kelly and Michelle on stage at last year's
   CoachellaCredit: Getty - Contributor

   “They are one of the very few groups where love for them has only grown
   since they went on hiatus in 2006, so the demand is massive.”

   Destiny’s Child had UK No1s with Independent Women and Survivor, and
   top five hits including Bootylicious, Emotion, Lose My Breath and
   Soldier.

   Last year, Beyonce gave her fans a taste of what is to come by bringing
   Kelly and Michelle out on stage during her headline set at US festival
   Coachella.

   If that incredible performance is anything to go by, this reunion will
   be worth the wait.
   Beyonce stuns in Egyptian themed costume as she reunites with Destiny's
   Child at Coachella
     __________________________________________________________________

READ ON FOR MORE OF SIMON BOYLE'S BIZARRE COLUMN
     __________________________________________________________________

Kylie a Pride-to-be?

   THERE is just no stopping Kylie Minogue this summer.

   After being one of my Glastonbury highlights in June, she ended her
   summer tour on Saturday by headlining Brighton Pride in the city’s
   Preston Park.
   Kylie Minogue headlined Brighton Pride in a Jean-Paul Gaultier gown
   11
   Kylie Minogue headlined Brighton Pride in a Jean-Paul Gaultier
   gownCredit: BackGrid

   More than 250,000 people descended on the city for the celebrations,
   which included a parade, as well as performances from Clean Bandit and
   Fleur East.

   Kylie – whose various outfits included this eye-catching Jean-Paul
   Gaultier dress, pictured above, as well as the creation below –
   appealed to the crowd by adding her LGBT anthem Your Disco Needs You to
   her setlist.

   And she conducted a pretend wedding between two men during another of
   her hits, Especially For You.

   Now that Kylie has found love again, with GQ creative director Paul
   Solomons, it will be her own wedding that she will have to think about
   next.
   Pop icon Kylie changed into this outfit during her set in Brighton
   11
   Pop icon Kylie changed into this outfit during her set in
   BrightonCredit: Vantage News
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   CHARLI XCX didn’t take things easy when it came to celebrating her 27th
   birthday on Friday. The hard-partying pop star tweeted on Sunday night:
   “Survived the two day hangover – thank you for all the birthday love.”
     __________________________________________________________________

Haz's dressing rehearsal

   IF HARRY Styles wanted his music comeback to remain a secret, he should
   have made sure everyone kept a lid on it.

   Producers on his new video tried to disguise the shoot by telling
   people it was for a mayonnaise advert, only for the penny to drop when
   fans spotted the floppy-haired singer.
   Filming for Harry Styles' new video was disguised as a mayo advert by
   producers
   11
   Filming for Harry Styles' new video was disguised as a mayo advert by
   producersCredit: Getty - Contributor

   He was filming in the Lombardo Toledano neighbourhood of Cancun,
   Mexico, and the shoot took over 20 buildings including people’s homes.

   Trying to keep it schtum, several security guards were patrolling the
   area from midday on Saturday to early Sunday morning to ensure no one
   knew he was there.

   But eagle-eyed fans, eager for a follow-up to his 2017 debut solo
   album, spotted him through windows and shared clips of the star on
   social media.

   A source said: “The area was swarming with people. People in the
   neighbourhood knew filming couldn’t just be for a mayo advert, as there
   would never be so much security or such a large crew.

   “His team had bought hundreds of bouquets of violet and purple flowers
   for the video. Harry spent most of time filming inside a yellow house.”

   While the news Harry is preparing for a return to music is out, the
   song he was recording a video for thankfully didn’t leak.

   Here’s hoping they’re better at keeping that under wraps.
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   HIT British musical Six – a modern retelling of the story of Henry
   VIII’s wives – is transferring from the West End to Broadway. Creators
   Toby Marlow and Lucy Moss said: “We are unbelievably excited.”
     __________________________________________________________________

James bags killer track

   TWO albums down and James Bay has certainly made friends in high
   places.

   The singer-songwriter, who released second record Electric Light last
   year, has written a song titled Easy Distraction with Brandon Flowers
   from The Killers.
   James Bay has written a song with Brandon Flowers from The Killers
   11
   James Bay has written a song with Brandon Flowers from The
   KillersCredit: Getty Images - Getty

   Their collaboration is believed to have been the brainwave of
   songwriter Tommy King and producer Ariel Rechtshaid who have helped
   them both out with projects in the past.

   But it is not yet known who will sing it or whether they will record it
   together.

   The Killers headlined Glastonbury in June and are currently working on
   the follow-up to their 2017 album Wonderful Wonderful.

   Getting this collaboration released would be enough to live up to that
   album title.

Instaglam

   Here’s Rita Ora venturing into the wild in Ibiza, Spain, after
   admitting she has 'natural sex appeal'
   11
   Here’s Rita Ora venturing into the wild in Ibiza, Spain, after
   admitting she has 'natural sex appeal'Credit: Instagram
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   KIM Kardashian has risked angering Taylor Swift again by releasing her
   new perfume on August 23 – the same day the singer’s new album Lover is
   out. An angry fan tweeted: “This isn’t a coincidence.”
     __________________________________________________________________

Cam's body slam

   CAMILA Cabello has lashed out at trolls for body shaming her online,
   insisting young people shouldn’t feel like they need to live up to
   unattainable beauty standards.

   In an Instagram story, she wrote: “Of course there are bad pictures, of
   course there are bad angles, my body’s not made of f***ing rock, or all
   muscle, for that matter.
   Camila Cabello, who is dating Shawn Mendes, has slammed trolls for
   bodyshaming her
   11
   Camila Cabello, who is dating Shawn Mendes, has slammed trolls for
   bodyshaming herCredit: Splash News

   “The saddest part of young girls growing up in an airbrushed world is
   they’re seeking a perfection that’s not real.

   “Everyone’s eyes get used to seeing airbrushed bodies and airbrushed
   skin and, suddenly, they think that’s the norm? It isn’t. It’s fake.

   “Fake is becoming the new real. We have a completely unrealistic view
   of a woman’s body.

   “Girls, cellulite is normal. Fat is normal. It’s beautiful and natural.
   I won’t buy into the bulls*** today.”
     __________________________________________________________________

bizbit

   BILLIONAIRE Kylie Jenner turns 22 on Saturday – and she is hiring a
   £200million super yacht for her birthday bash in the Mediterranean. The
   Tranquility boasts a sauna, theatre and swimming pool.
     __________________________________________________________________

Time to check out Nic

   NICOLE Scherzinger looked like she was keeping herself in check when
   she touched down in Sydney in this outfit.

   The former Pussycat Dolls singer looked ready for action before
   take-off as she posted a photo of herself in LA.
   Nicole Scherzinger arriving at Sydney International Airport
   11
   Nicole Scherzinger arriving at Sydney International AirportCredit:
   Splash News

   But Nicole might have been feeling a bit sleepy by the time she arrived
   Down Under, as she has been flitting back and forth between the US and
   Australia to honour her filming commitments.

   Nicole is a judge on Australia’s Got Talent and is also on the panel of
   US talent show The Masked Singer.

   At least those air miles should give her a nice holiday when she
   eventually gets a week off.
   The Australia's Got Talent judge posted a selfie before take-off
   11
   The Australia's Got Talent judge posted a selfie before take-offCredit:
   INSTAGRAM/NICOLE SCHERZINGER

Ari scores sixy success

   ARIANA Grande looks set to match a chart milestone shared by Britney
   Spears and Rod Stewart – her sixth UK No1 single.

   The US singer’s new entry, Boyfriend, was released on Friday and has
   taken an early lead in this week’s Top Ten.

   The tune with US duo Social House has pushed Shawn Mendes and Camila
   Cabello’s hit Senorita to No2 and Ed Sheeran’s Beautiful People to No3.

   Kygo and Whitney Houston’s Higher Love also jumped up the charts over
   the weekend and now sits at No6. Her last song to reach the Top Five
   was Million Dollar Bill in 2009, three years before her death.

most read in bizarre

SAD STREET

   Corrie's Roy Cropper suffers heartbreak after discovering long-lost
   brother

KATE UP-STUN

   Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she poses in a black bikini on beach
   in Miami
   Exclusive

TO EL & BACK

   X Factor's Ella Henderson overcomes Syco split and trolls to release
   new music

NOT GONE TO POT

   Mel Sykes shows off amazing figure as she fronts new BBC pottery show
   Exclusive

OAR LOSER

   Strictly's James Cracknell launches furious rant after he's first to be
   ousted
   Exclusive

CAN I HAVE SOME ORA?

   Rita Ora in talks to star as Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist remake

bizmeter charts

   FLEDGLING couple Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello spend another week at
   the top of the chart – 400,000 listens in front of their closest rival.

   ED Sheeran rules the roost with four songs in the top ten from his new
   album No6 Collaborations Project. He takes over No2, No3, No7 and No9
   slots.
    1. Senorita – Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello, 3.5m
    2. Beautiful People – Ed Sheeran  feat. Khalid, 3.1m
    3. I Don’t Care – Ed Sheeran with Justin Bieber, 2.4m
    4. Ladbroke Grove – AJ Tracey, 2.3m
    5. Someone You Loved – Lewis Capaldi, 2.3m
    6. 3 Nights – Dominic Fike, 2.2m
    7. Cross Me – Ed Sheeran,    Chance The Rapper and PnB Rock, 2.1m
    8. Vossi Bop – Stormzy, 2m
    9. Take Me Back to London – Ed  Sheeran and Stormzy, 2m
   10. Hold Me While You Wait – Lewis Capaldi, 1.9m
   11. So High – Mist and Fredo, 1.9m
   12. How Do You Sleep? –  Sam Smith, 1.9m
   13. Location – Dave and Burna Boy, 1.8m
   14. Wish You Well – Sigala, 1.8m
   15. Goodbyes –  Post Malone feat. Young Thug, 1.7m
   16. Strike A Pose – Young T & Bugsey  feat. Aitch, 1.7m
   17. Ransom – Lil Tecca, 1.7m
   18. Mad Love – Mabel, 1.6m
   19. Old Town Road –  Remix – Lil Nas X  and Billy Ray Cyrus, 1.6m
   20. Crown – Stormzy, 1.5m

     * GOT a story? Ring The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on
       07423720250 or email exclusive@the-sun.co.uk.


     *
     *

   Topics
     * Coachella
     * Glastonbury 2019
     * Pop Music
     * Ariana Grande
     * Beyonce
     * Britney Spears
     * Camila Cabello
     * Ed Sheeran
     * Harry Styles
     * Kylie Minogue
     * Nicole Scherzinger
     * Rita Ora
     * Rod Stewart

   Comments are subject to our community guidelines, which can be viewed
   here.

Popular Articles

WALL STREET

   Mum wins battle to keep 10ft-high 'Riviera-style' white wall around her
   house

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Video

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
   #The Sun » Feed

   Jump directly to the content
   (BUTTON) The Sun, A News UK Company (BUTTON) Close

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

     *
     *

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

   All Football

     * All Tech
     * Science
     * Phones & Gadgets
     * Gaming

   LOVE MACHINE

Meet Samantha, the sex robot that can be SEDUCED – and the doll’s creators
say humans are already falling in love with their machines

   Hyper-realistic bonk 'bot is so attractive that lusty men are falling
   heads over heels for its computerised charms.
     * Staff Reporter

     * 20 Oct 2017, 11:30
     * Updated: 5 Oct 2018, 9:07

   THE makers of a sex robot which can be "seduced" have claimed men are
   already "falling in love" with their creation.

   Designers of Samantha claim the plastic princess is capturing blokes'
   hearts. We've got the lowdown on the doll that has all the men
   swooning...
   Samantha "likes to be kissed", according to maker Sergi Santos
   3
   Samantha "likes to be kissed", according to maker Sergi Santos

Who is Samantha the sex robot?

   Samantha is only of the recent "hyper realistic" sex dolls to hit the
   hit headlines as advances in technology mean the sex toy market has
   upped its game.

   The doll is interactive, responding to voices as well as to touch.

   She comes complete with sensors in her face, hands, breasts and  "the
   female genitals down below" and it is claimed she requires a more
   subtle approach when it comes to bedroom activities.

   Sergi Santos, the designer of a love machine called Samantha, said the
   amorous android was so erotic that men were already developing real
   feelings for her.

   But the doll isn't all about getting down and dirty, Samantha can also
   discuss philosophy, science and animals.

   She's also got a great sense of humour with more than a thousand jokes
   in her repertoire.
   Samantha featured in a segment on This Morning where her owner/lover
   Arran discussed living with the doll and incorporating her in the
   family
   Samantha featured in a segment on This Morning where her owner/lover
   Arran discussed living with the doll and incorporating her in the
   family

Where have a seen Samantha the sex robot before?

   On September 12, Samantha made a TV appearance, taking a seat on the
   famous This Morning couch with Holly and Phil with her owner Aaran.

   The presenting duo were shocked by the doll. Phil asked: “It’s a bit
   like making love to a car GPS isn’t it?”

   Arran replied: “I don’t think so.

   “Humans love human form, so obviously I think she’s very beautiful.
   Would you agree she’s very beautiful?”

   Samantha also featured in a new BBC documentary called "Can Robots Love
   Us?" on September 4, 2017.

   The programme explored the question of romance between men and
   machines.

   In the documentary, Santos and a "friend" named only as Aaron showed
   the presenter how the robot could be literally turned on and then put
   in the mood for sex.
   Meet Samantha, the artificial intelligence sex doll with her creator,
   Sergi Santos

What do her makers say about Samantha?

   In the BBC documentary Samantha's maker Sergi Santos said: "They will
   fall in love with her. It's happening already."

   He went on to demonstrate how the doll could be "aroused" and gotten in
   the mood for sex.
   Samantha sits with maker Sergi Santos
   3
   Samantha sits with maker Sergi SantosCredit: Ruptly

   First, Santos uttered the words "get sexy" in Samantha's ears.

   She replied: "Ok then, I think I am ready to do sex stuff, do you want
   me to?"

   The owner of the bot - referred to as Aaron - advised to take a
   romantic approach to seduction, stroking her hands sensually rather
   than immediately groping her naughty areas.

   He said: "She likes to be touched. If you go straight for [her breasts]
   in the beginning, she won't like that so much."

   When her hand is gently rubbed, Samantha said: "Lovely, thank you for
   spending time with me. I enjoy being with you."

   When a finger is inserted into her mouth or her breasts and vagina are
   fondled, Samantha lets out a realistic feminine moan which is likely to
   sound unlike anything her owners have heard during encounters with real
   women.
     __________________________________________________________________

'I HOPE THEY WASH IT' Brothel reveals how business is booming after bringing
in a realistic ‘Passion Dolly’ sex robot
     __________________________________________________________________

   But will this assignation lead to love or just lust? Aaron is in doubt
   about the feelings people will develop for Samanta the sex robot.

   He explained: "Love is love. When you fall in love, nothing else
   matters."

   The experience of watching two grown men fondle a sex robot appeared to
   have a profound effect on show host James Young, a 27-year-old double
   amputee who has been fitted with robotic prosthetics.

   He grappled with the question of whether it was "inappropriate" to
   grope a love machine and said: "It's a dumb machine, but it almost
   doesn't feel consensual.

MORE STORIES ABOUT SEX ROBOTS

   Exclusive

SEXUAL ELF

   Bizarre new range of ELF sex dolls among the kinky companions unveiled
   at the X-rated Asia Adult Expo

ROBOSTROP

   Scientist who builds ‘intelligent’ sex robots reveals his £1,500 doll
   ‘isn’t always interested in sex’… and here’s why

Child Sexbot fears

   Scientists issue chilling warning about the emergence of sex robots
   made to look like CHILDREN

ROBOTS 'KEEP LOVE ALIVE'

   Pair who spent £30k on ten sex dolls lift the lid on romping with
   robots as wife reveals 'it's like getting away with a threesome'

SEX BOT SHOCK

   Holly and Phil left horrified as sex robot used for threesomes by man
   and wife shouts ‘I can take many times’ on This Morning (and couple
   even let their kids play with it)

ROBOT ROMPS

   What is a robot sex doll, how much are they and what is Paris's robot
   brothel?

CAUGHT WITH YOUR PANTS DOWN

   Sex robots could be hacked and made to attack their owners, tech whizz
   claims
   Exclusive

Bot's not to like?

   The best-selling sex robot has brown hair, tanned skin and blue eyes,
   and customers prefer a LOT of make-up

   "She's built for it, but she didn't really ask for it. She does ask for
   it, but she's programmed to ask for it. So did she ask for it? It's
   very confusing."

   He's not wrong.


     *
     *

   Topics
     * Explainers
     * Sex
     * Sex Robots
     * Sex Toys

   Comments are subject to our community guidelines, which can be viewed
   here.

Popular Articles

WALL STREET

   Mum wins battle to keep 10ft-high 'Riviera-style' white wall around her
   house

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Video

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   This feature allows The Sun to personalise your experience so that you
   get the most out of your visit. You can find out more about
   personalisation in our privacy policy here.

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
   #The Sun » Feed

   Jump directly to the content
   (BUTTON) The Sun, A News UK Company (BUTTON) Close

Your Sun

     * Sign in

Editions

     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of
   diversified media, news, education, and information services.

Follow The Sun

     *
     *

The Sun

     * The Scottish Sun
     * The Irish Sun
     * Dream Team
     * Sun Bingo
     * Hols from £9.50
     * Superdays
     * Sun Savers
     * Sun Gifts

News Corp

     * WSJ.com
     * New York Post
     * The Australian
     * News.com.au
     * Storyful
     * Harper Collins
     * Realtor.com
     * talkSPORT

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   TOP
   The Sun The Sun
   Sign in
   UK Edition
     * Scottish Sun
     * Irish Sun
     * Sun Bingo
     * Dream Team

   Search
   ____________________ Search
   ____________________
   The Sun
     * Home
     * Football
     * Sport
     * TV & Showbiz
     * News
     * Fabulous
     * Money
     * Motors
     * Travel
     * Tech
     * Dear Deidre
     * Puzzles
     * Vouchers
     * Topics A-Z

   All Football

     * All News
     * UK News
     * World News
     * Brexit
     * Politics
     * Opinion
     * Health News

   BOJO'S NO NO

Boris Johnson rules out calling a general election before Brexit as he
reveals new plan to hire 20,000 police officers immediately

     * Natasha Clark
     * Jon Rogers

     * 26 Jul 2019, 19:56
     * Updated: 27 Jul 2019, 2:17

     * Natasha Clark
     * Jon Rogers

     * Invalid Date,

   BORIS Johnson has "absolutely" ruled out calling a general election
   before the Brexit deadline day of October 31.

   The new Prime Minister also pledged £1billion to recruit an extra
   20,000 coppers as he pounded the beat in Birmingham.
   Boris Johnson stopped to take selfies with eager fans today while on a
   trip to Birmingham
   7
   Boris Johnson stopped to take selfies with eager fans today while on a
   trip to BirminghamCredit: PA:Press Association
   Boris Johnson is back out and about touring the country
   7
   Boris Johnson is back out and about touring the countryCredit: PA:Press
   Association

   Mr Johnson restated his commitment to take the UK out of the European
   Union on or before the deadline of Halloween this year.

   The PM said: "The British people voted in 2015, in 2016, in 2017. What
   they want us to do is deliver on their mandate, come out of the EU on
   October 31.

   "They don't want another electoral event, they don't want a referendum,
   they don't want a general election. They want us to deliver."

   In recent weeks there had been speculation that the new Conservative
   leader could take the country to the polls in a bid to consolidate his
   power base.

   Thanks to the support of the Democratic Unionists, he has a majority of
   two in the Commons - and this will possibly drop to just one by the end
   of next week if his party loses the Brecon and Radnorshire by-election.

   He was in Birmingham today on his first official visit as PM, with a
   trip to a Police Learning and Development Centre.

   And he had a walkabout meeting members of the public who mobbed him for
   selfies.

   Boris plans to recruit an extra 20,000 police officers and conduct an
   urgent review to make it easier for them to use stop and search powers
   to crack down on thugs carrying weapons.

   The pledge was central to his Tory leadership bid, and formed part of
   talks at his first Cabinet meeting yesterday.

   The move will cost nearly £1billion over three years in a nationwide
   programme.

   He said ahead of the visit today: “My job as Prime Minister is to make
   our streets safer.

   “People want to see more officers in their neighbourhoods, protecting
   the public and cutting crime.

   “I promised 20,000 extra officers and that recruitment will now start
   in earnest.”

   The first officers are expected in September.

   A new national Policing Board will be charged with ensuring forces meet
   targets by 2022.

   Insiders also said Mr Johnson wanted to roll out new stop and search
   powers nationwide.

   But Boris didn't manage to stay free of his Brexit dilemma for long, as
   he was targeted by protesters when he arrived in Birmingham.

   Brits with signs saying 'Stay in EU' and 'Brexit. Is it worth it?' were
   brandished outside.
   He and his new Home Secretary, Priti Patel, met with voters and
   discussed policing
   7
   He and his new Home Secretary, Priti Patel, met with voters and
   discussed policingCredit: PA:Press Association
   The new Prime Minister appeared kee to press the flesh with ordinary
   Brits, who lined up to take pictures
   7
   The new Prime Minister appeared kee to press the flesh with ordinary
   Brits, who lined up to take picturesCredit: PA:Press Association
   Boris announced more details of his plans to recruit 20,000 extra
   officers today
   7
   Boris announced more details of his plans to recruit 20,000 extra
   officers todayCredit: Reuters

MOST READ IN POLITICS

COMMONS SHOWDOWN

   Boris lays out his Brexit plan and warns MPs 'it's this deal or no
   deal'

FIVE POINTS OF NO RETURN

   Boris Johnson unveils five-point plan to end the Brexit deadlock

'DEEP SHAME'

   Hard-left Corbynistas mount bid to oust Jewish Labour MP Dame Louise
   Ellman

SHADY DEFENCE

   Killers use 'Fifty Shades rough sex defence to dodge murder
   convictions'

BORIS GETS LIPPY

   Awkward moment Boris kisses Andrea Leadsom on the LIPS at Tory
   conference

WAGE WAR

   What is the National Living Wage and what is the minimum wage for under
   25s?

'I'M PERSECUTED'

   Boris pal slams 'special treatment' claims but DODGES 'affair'
   questions

I WANNA STAND LIKE COMMONS PEOPLE

   Why do MPs stand up in the House of Commons during PMQs?

CORBYN THE COSMONAUT

   Boris vows to send Corbyn 'into orbit' with economic plan to boost UK

HAMES WHO?

   Who is Jo Swinson's husband Duncan Hames?

   The PM is set to visit Manchester tomorrow for a major speech, and
   Scotland next week.

   Trips to Wales and Northern Ireland are also being discussed too as
   part of a whistle-stop tour of the country.

   The visits will fuel more speculation that Boris could be planning an
   early election, though officials have insisted one isn't on the cards.
   But protesters rocked up to the police training centre he was visiting
   7
   But protesters rocked up to the police training centre he was
   visitingCredit: PA:Press Association
   Anti-Brexit protesters showed up for Boris' first public outing
   7
   Anti-Brexit protesters showed up for Boris' first public outingCredit:
   PA:Press Association
   Sajid Javid appointed Chancellor, Priti Patel Home Secretary and
   Dominic Raab Foreign Secretary as new PM Boris Johnson forms cabinet
     __________________________________________________________________

   We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online
   politics team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We
   pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


     *
     *

   Topics
     * Boris Johnson

   Comments are subject to our community guidelines, which can be viewed
   here.

Popular Articles

WALL STREET

   Mum wins battle to keep 10ft-high 'Riviera-style' white wall around her
   house

TV STAR DEAD

   Grange Hill and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang star Anna Quayle dies aged 86

ROYAL ROW

   Moment angry Prince Harry lectures journalist on her behaviour on royal
   trip

LOREN-NO!

   'Beast' Hurricane Lorenzo to hit UK today with 90mph gales, 18ft waves
   & floods

FINE BY ME

   iPhone users could get £750 from Google over data snooping - here's how
   to check
   Video

FINGER WAG

   Stunning Italian presenter wags finger as Napoli fans sing 'get your
   t*** out'

GRIM FIND

   Body found in hunt for mum who vanished after fiance died 2 weeks
   before wedding

CHILL OUT

   How to get help paying your energy bills this winter - save over £1,000

ROGUE ONE

   Prince Harry 'refused to warn Charles and Wills' about his Press rant
   over Meghan

HOUSE ABOUT THAT

   Ordinary-looking terraced home on sale for £230k hides an amazing
   secret

Follow The Sun

Services

     * Sign Up To The Sun
     * About Us
     * Editorial Complaints
     * Clarifications and Corrections
     * News Licensing
     * Advertising
     * Contact Us
     * Commissioning Terms
     * Help Hub
     * Topic A-Z
     * Sell Your Story
     * Cookie Settings

   ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office:
   1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online"
   are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers
   Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
   Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie
   Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
   Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
   Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The
   Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards
   Organisation (IPSO)

   Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes.
   For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint
   please click here.

   [tr?id=752905198150451&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]
