    #Surfnetkids » Feed Surfnetkids » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQ6GT38

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login

   Surfing the Net with Kids

   Surfing the Net with Kids

     _____________________________________ Search

     * About
          + About Barbara
          + Advertising Rates
          + Contact Us
     * Blogs
          + Tech Tips
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Early Childhood
     * Fun
          + Coloring Pages
          + Contests
          + Puzzles
          + Jokes By Kids
     * Resources
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Video
          + Newsletter Archive
     * Shop
          + Downloads
          + Books and CDs
          + Printables Club
     * Grownups
          + Free Newsletter
          + Printables Club
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Tech Tips
          + Early Childhood
     * Printables
          + About Printables Club
          + Printables Club Login
          + Coloring Pages
          + Puzzles
     * Early Ed
     * Puzzles
     * Popular

   Surfnetkids » HTML Codes for Free Daily Content Web Widgets

HTML Codes for Free Daily Content Web Widgets

   The Surfnetkids Widgets are free to add to your website or blog. These
   widgets are now available in https:// so that can be used on secure
   pages.

       DAILY FACTOID: Imagine a week of Christopher Columbus facts to
      celebrate Columbus Day, or a week of Declaration of Independence
 tidbits for the 4th of July! To place the “Did you Know?” Daily Factoid
     on your Web page, copy-and-paste the following code onto your page.

   <script language="JavaScript"
   src="https://www.surfnetkids.com/applets/factoid.js">
   </script>

 DAILY CHUCKLE: It’s a new laugh every day with “Laugh Out Loud” Daily
     Chuckle. Click on the joke box to be transported to more jokes. To
       place the “Laugh Out Loud” Daily Chuckle on your Web page,
              copy-and-paste the following code onto your page.

   <script language="JavaScript"
   src="https://www.surfnetkids.com/applets/chuckle.js">
   </script>

   Coloring Page of the Day: It’s a new printable coloring page every day
       from FreeKidsColoring.com. Click on the thumbnail for seasonal
   printable coloring pictures. To place “Coloring Page of the Day” on
      your Web page, copy-and-paste the following code onto your page.

   <script language="JavaScript"
   src="https://www.surfnetkids.com/applets/coloring.js">
   </script>

    DAILY EDUCATIONAL QUOTATIONS: Light an educational fire with a daily
    selection of inspiration quotations. To place “Light an Educational
   Fire” Daily Quotation on your Web page, copy-and-paste the following
                            code onto your page.

   <script language="JavaScript"
   src="https://www.surfnetkids.com/applets/quotes.js">
   </script>

       SURFING THE CALENDAR: This popular monthly feature lists major
       holidays, anniversaries, and historical events and links to my
    educational site reviews on each topic. To place Surfing the Calendar
     on your Web page, simply cut-and-paste the following code onto your
                                    page.

   <script language="JavaScript"
   src="https://www.surfnetkids.com/applets/calendar.js">
   </script>

                                          surfing the calendar



   Creative Commons License

   Surfnetkids Widgets by Surfnetkids.com is licensed under a Creative
   Commons Attribution-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
   Based on a work at www.surfnetkids.com.

   Resource Feed Newsletter Feed Game Feed All Feeds

   Copyright © 1996 - 2019 Surfnetkids.com, Inc. | About | Privacy Policy
   | Contact
   Another Fabulous Site from Feldman Publishing | Advertise With Us |
   Sponsored Posts | Back to Top

   MENU [surfnetkids-white300x52.png]

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login
    #Printables Club » Surfnetkids » Feed Printables Club » Surfnetkids »
   Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQ6GT38

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login

   Surfing the Net with Kids

     _____________________________________ Search

     * About
          + About Barbara
          + Advertising Rates
          + Contact Us
     * Blogs
          + Tech Tips
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Early Childhood
     * Fun
          + Coloring Pages
          + Contests
          + Puzzles
          + Jokes By Kids
     * Resources
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Video
          + Newsletter Archive
     * Shop
          + Downloads
          + Books and CDs
          + Printables Club
     * Grownups
          + Free Newsletter
          + Printables Club
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Tech Tips
          + Early Childhood
     * Printables
          + About Printables Club
          + Printables Club Login
          + Coloring Pages
          + Puzzles
     * Early Ed
     * Puzzles
     * Popular

   Surfnetkids » Printables Club » Special Offer for Returning Members

Special Offer for Returning Members

Enhance Your K-12 Curriculum with a Library of Internet Enrichment Handouts

   Returning Members Only
   14 Months for the Price of 12
   $39.95
   14 months for the price of 12, then auto-renewal at $39.95 each year.
   (39.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Returning Member

Thank you for being a returning member of Surfnetkids Printables Club.
Looking for new inspiration? Here are some of the things our members tell us
they do with their Surfnetkids Printables:

                              research starters

              for the bulletin board near the computer stations

                          projected on a whiteboard

                    included in your classroom newsletter

                           an enrichment activity

                                 a Webquest

                            to share with parents

                           curriculum enhancement

                        in Gifted & Talented programs

   as a handout of curated websites to supplement other learning material
       to print and put in a resource book used in the multimedia lab

     an easy way to integrate the Internet into your existing curriculum

              the spark to ignite a student’s desire to learn

                           to add to teacher guide

                                a time-saver

                               to be sent home

                          used in Internet training

                            used in the classroom

                a tool to guide a student’s online research

Here are some of the nice things they say about us:

I just signed up for your trial and I plan to keep it! You have created such
a wealth of sources and resources that I may not have to look much further
when searching for topics for my classroom. I was able to download the ‘100
Internet Tips’ and I love it!” Sandra Lee, De Queen, Arkansas

   I really enjoy the premium newsletter that goes with the membership.
   Enough reason in itself to resubscribe!” Linda Toqe, Del Rey School,
   Orinda, CA

   Gotta tell you I am pretty impressed. I have subscribed to your
   newsletter via email for I’m guessing 4 years or so. I noticed
   improvements in the premium newsletter almost immediately. I am VERY
   impressed with the printables that are part of the printables website—I
   have printed many and am intending to have these available for parents
   at conferences in a few weeks! Thanks for the improvements you are
   making….the printables club is a great idea!!!” Eileen Balagna, Thomas
   Jefferson Middle School, Port Washington, WI

   I am the Educational Technologist at a large elementary school. I have
   a
   staff of over 60 certified teachers, so I use the printables to
   communicate with them and provide inservice on how they can
   integrate technology in their classrooms. Since I also teach classes
   for
   grades 3-5, I also use the printables in my lessons.” Beth Pitts,
   Cornelius Elementary School, Cornelius, NC

   I use them in my class. Mostly as jumping off points for my students to
   do online research, and for homework. I also use them with my daughter
   and her class assignments. I share your site with other teachers when I
   do Internet training, and I have also shared your site with my
   department. You’re in my most helpful sites to teachers with little to
   no costs. Keep it up!!!” Carlyn E. Little, Science Department
   Chairperson, Glades Middle School, Miami, FL

   One way I use the printables is to include a copy by subject in my
   teacher’s guides. It helps me to have them available for my planning of
   the unit or literature pieces studied. I also use them to post on my
   classroom web site for research at school or home. These have been a
   great help to me this year. I teach third grade level of Reading/Lang.
   Arts and Social Studies. My parents also loved having the sites to help
   with enrichment research projects. Keep the super sites coming.” Mary
   Ann Stanfill, 3rd Grade Teacher, Williamsburg Elementary School,
   Williamsburg, KY

   I use it to obtain links to use in my classroom and in the computer
   lab. I use them as handouts in my newsletters for pertinent subjects to
   my parents (they especially liked the one with math fact sites).”Anne
   Carroll, Alexandria, VA

   I really liked the printables. They were easy to download and easy to
   print. I used the Tesselations Printable to make a hard copy for a math
   teacher at our school who shared it with the other math teachers. Thank
   you.” Margaret Gamblin, Canehill, AR

   I used the printed handout as a resource. The kids used the online
   version. Very interesting topics. Thanks.” Suzanne Arrington, Evans, GA

   Thank you for putting in so much time to help us teachers!!!! You are
   greatly appreciated for making my job so much easier!”
   Nancy Ward, 8th Grade Computer Application Teacher, Ashland Middle
   School, OH

   The Printables Club site is amazing. I know the children will learn a
   lot from the information you provide. It is excellent.Robert Bier, Sam
   Salem Elementary, Akron, OH

   I am very glad to have a site to educate my child with safe fun and
   real learning. I like the fact that I can print out his lessons and
   plan ahead or do them right now. My son loves your site. Thank you!”Dee
   Carangio, homeschooler, FL

   The interesting printables help me make my lessons more interesting.”
   Eva Holmberg, Simrishamn, Sweden

   I like the way each subject is presented with a short synopsis of the
   website.Edna Steeb, Macon-East Montgomery Academy, Cecil, AL

   I like that a lot of research on a particular topic is already done for
   me. Simplifies my already very busy schedule. Allows for extra computer
   time for kids.” Cora Girard, Leamington, Ontario, Canada

   I use the handouts with students in a gifted and talented program in
   order to provide them with a variety of quality resources on the web. I
   print the handouts and share them with the students when we explore the
   topic.” Vicki Wright, Des Moines, Iowa

   I am not part of a school, but a Boys & Girls Club after-school
   education program. I like getting different ideas/worksheets, etc. to
   keep our program fresh and interesting.” Kathy Pomerhn

   You provide a valuable resource. I am the Technology Resource
   Specialist for the district and I support and coordinate the technology
   instruction k-12. I do not have the time to search and surf. Your site
   and newsletter make life easier for me and those I serve. Thanks!” Rod
   Carnill, Technology Resource Specialist, Frederick County Public
   Schools, Winchester, VA

   I love the diversity of your subjects. You always seem to be right on
   target with what my kids are studying in school.” Cynthia Grove. Union
   Elementary, Upper Sandusky, OH

   Somehow you manage to maintain consistently high quality material, and
   that can’t be easy. Even when things are not necessarily geared to my
   grade level (second), I still love to explore what you’ve shared
   because I always learn something new. Thank you so much…and keep up the
   good work!” Beth Dean, East Elementary, Torrington, CT
   Returning Members Only
   14 Months for the Price of 12
   $39.95
   14 months for the price of 12, then auto-renewal at $39.95 each year.
   (39.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Returning Member

Member Login

   You are not currently logged in.
   Username:
   _______________
   Password:
   _______________
   [ ] Remember Me
   Login
   » Lost your Password?

FAQ

     * Printables Club HOME
     * Your User Profile
     * Your Membership: Invoices and Payment Details
     * Archive of All Printables
     * This Week's Premium Newsletter
     * Free Acrobat Reader
     * Ask Questions

   Resource Feed Newsletter Feed Game Feed All Feeds

   Copyright © 1996 - 2019 Surfnetkids.com, Inc. | About | Privacy Policy
   | Contact
   Another Fabulous Site from Feldman Publishing | Advertise With Us |
   Sponsored Posts | Back to Top

   MENU [surfnetkids-white300x52.png]

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Returning Member

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 39.95 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Returning Member

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 39.95 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login
    #Printables Club » Surfnetkids » Feed Printables Club » Surfnetkids »
   Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQ6GT38

Attention K-12 teachers and homeschoolers tired of spending hours searching
the Internet for quality sites to recommend.

                  Who Else Wants to Ignite their Classroom
                      with this Internet Secret Weapon?

                Ignite learning with these Internet Resources

           “Free Surfnetkids Printables Club Trial Membership”

This is your chance to grab a ten-day preview membership in the Surfnetkids
Printables Club for FREE. You won’t pay a thing unless you decide that the
Surfnetkids Printables Club will save you HOURS of research time with:

Printable Internet Resource Handouts are available on hundreds of topics, and
every one of them is available to you during your trial membership.

   Each two-page Surfnetkids Printable includes five to nine top-notch,
   vetted, recommended educational websites on a single topic.

   A ten-day pass to access to hundreds of printable Internet enrichment
   handouts so you can be handing them out in your classroom within
   minutes. All for free for your first ten days, then $10.95 per quarter
   after that.

The Printables Club site is amazing. I know the children learn a lot from the
information you provide. It is excellent.” ~~ Robert Bier, a teacher at Sam
Salem Elementary in Akron, Ohio.

I am very glad to have a site to educate my child with safe fun and real
learning. I like the fact that I can print out his lessons and plan ahead or
do them right now. My son loves your site. Thank you!” ~~ Dee Carangio, a
homeschooler.

What could you do with access to the entire archive of Surfnetkids Printable
Resource Handouts? Our members tell us they use their Surfnetkids Printables
as:

                              research starters

              for the bulletin board near the computer stations

                          projected on a whiteboard

                    included in your classroom newsletter

                           an enrichment activity

                           included in a Webquest

                            to share with parents

                           curriculum enhancement

                        in Gifted & Talented programs

   as a handout of curated websites to supplement other learning material

       to print and put in a resource book used in the multimedia lab

     an easy way to integrate the Internet into your existing curriculum

              the spark to ignite a student’s desire to learn

                           to add to teacher guide

                                a time-saver

                               to be sent home

                          used in Internet training

                            used in the classroom

                a tool to guide a student’s online research

Give Yourself the Gift of More Free Time

What would you do with one extra hour every week? Two hours? Three hours?

Many Surfnetkids Printables Club members didn’t realize how much time they
were spending searching for appropriate Internet sites, and figuring out how
to integrate them into their curriculum until they saw how easy it was to use
the Surfnetkids Printables in the classroom and school library.

   All the time-consuming research is already done for you (I spend at
   least twenty hours a week … every week… on Internet research) and it’s
   packaged in a simple easy-to-print format.

Saves me time – something I always seem to be short of!” ~~ Martha Rideout
(Neshobe School, Brandon, VT)

   The Printables Club helps me manage the enormous offerings of the
   Internet and get info to my teachers in a timely fashion.” ~~ School
   librarian Eileen M. Rocchio (Warwick Neck and Greene School, Warwick,
   RI)

   It reduces the amount of time needed to find sites for my students.” ~~
   Kitty Humphrey (The Buckley School, Sherman Oaks, CA)

   My favorite part of the Printables Club is the sites that I don’t have
   to spend hours searching for.” ~~ Virginia Hanson(Bonner Elementary,
   Stewartville, Minnesota)

  If You Know the Right Sites, the Internet is a Powerful Educational Tool

But which sites do you recommend? How do you find them? How many hours do you
spend searching? Let me help you. I’m going to share with you a secret
already used by thousands of America’s best teachers. It is a cheap, easy,
fast way to find the very best Internet sites for your classroom.


   Monthly
   $5.99/month
   10 day free trial of the Surfnetkids Printables Club, then $5.99 a
   month with auto-renewal.
   (5.99) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Monthly
   Most Popular
   Annual
   $39.95/year
   10 day free trial of the Surfnetkids Printables Club, then $39.95 a
   year with auto-renewal.
   (39.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Yearly

   Quarterly
   $10.95/quarter
   10 day free trial of the Surfnetkids Printables Club, then $10.95 a
   quarter with auto-renewal.
   (10.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Quarterly

   Barbara Feldman Barbara J. Feldman I was struck by the educational
   possibilities of the Internet in 1996, when I first created my “Surfing
   the Net with Kids” newspaper column. The more I explored, the more
   passionate I became, hunting down the best Internet sites for kids and
   families for hour upon hour, week after week, year after year.

   Don’t take my word for it. See for yourself with our zero-risk
   guarantee! Your satisfaction is assured with a ten-day free trial and
   our zero-risk guarantee. If the Printables Club doesn’t spark a passion
   for learning (and save you hours of Internet research time) just cancel
   anytime during the ten-day free trial and pay nothing. Otherwise, we
   will continue your subscription without interruption. Either way, the
   bonus downloads are yours to keep.

                   School and District Licenses Available

For an exceptional value, choose a Surfnetkids Printables Club membership for
your entire school or district.


   Individual License
   $39.95/year
   Use by an individual teacher or family
   (39.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Yearly
   Most Popular
   District License
   $188/year
   License for an entire school district
   (188.00) Join Surfnetkids Printables: District

   School License
   $73/year
   License for an entire school
   (73.00) Join Surfnetkids Printables: School

Net guru Barbara Feldman does an excellent job of screening thousands of
sites.” USAToday.com Answer Desk

   Barbara Feldman is an American newspaper columnist who specialises in
   reviewing creative and educative children’s Web pages. On her site she
   shares her ‘vision of what’s wonderful on the Web.’ She’s got good
   vision, too!” BBC Online

   Barbara J. Feldman is a San Diego-based newspaper columnist who writes
   a guide for parents on online safety and other issues.” New York Times
   Online

   Barbara J. Feldman, syndicated columnist and mother of two, scours the
   Web every week to find great educational sites for young minds.” Yahoo!
   Internet Magazine

   Pricing table does not exist. Please check your shortcode.

HONESTe Online Member Seal-- Click to verify - Before you buy! Your
satisfaction is 100% guaranteed with a ten-day trial and our zero-risk
guarantee. If the Printables Club doesn’t spark a passion for learning (and
save you hours of Internet research time) just cancel anytime during the
trial and pay nothing more. Otherwise, we will continue your subscription
without interruption. Either way, the bonus downloads are yours to keep.

   Thank you for your dedication to educating our kids.
   Barbara J. Feldman

   Syndicated Columnist
   “Surfing the Net with Kids”
   Got questions? Write Me

P.S. Whether you try the Printables Club or not, I’m still going to have time
tonight to be with my family, read a book, and watch a streamed movie. You,
however, may be spending hours searching for appropriate websites for your
classroom. Why not give yourself the gift of more free time like Virginia
Hanson (of Bonner Elementary , in Stewartville, Minnesota) whose favorite
part of the Printables Club is “the sites that I don’t have to spend hours
searching for.” or Martha Rideout (of Neshobe School in Brandon, Vermont),
who concluded that the Printables Club “saves me time, something I am usually
short of.”


I just signed up for your trial and I plan to keep it! You have created such
a wealth of sources and resources that I may not have to look much further
when searching for topics for my classroom. I was able to download the ‘100
Internet Tips’ and I love it!” Sandra Lee, De Queen, Arkansas

   I really enjoy the premium newsletter
   that goes with the membership. Enough reason in itself to resubscribe!”
   Linda Toqe, Del Rey School, Orinda, CA

   Gotta tell you I am pretty impressed. I have subscribed to your
   newsletter via email for I’m guessing 4 years or so. I noticed
   improvements in the premium newsletter almost immediately. I am VERY
   impressed with the printables that are part of the printables website—I
   have printed many and am intending to have these available for parents
   at conferences in a few weeks! Thanks for the improvements you are
   making….the printables club is a great idea!!!” Eileen Balagna, Thomas
   Jefferson Middle School, Port Washington, WI

   I am the Educational Technologist at a large elementary school. I have
   a
   staff of over 60 certified teachers, so I use the printables to
   communicate with them and provide inservice on how they can
   integrate technology in their classrooms. Since I also teach classes
   for
   grades 3-5, I also use the printables in my lessons.” Beth Pitts,
   Cornelius Elementary School, Cornelius, NC

   I use them in my class. Mostly as jumping off points for my students to
   do online research, and for homework. I also use them with my daughter
   and her class assignments. I share your site with other teachers when I
   do Internet training, and I have also shared your site with my
   department. You’re in my most helpful sites to teachers with little to
   no costs. Keep it up!!!” Carlyn E. Little, Science Department
   Chairperson, Glades Middle School, Miami, FL

   One way I use the printables is to include a copy by subject in my
   teacher’s guides. It helps me to have them available for my planning of
   the unit or literature pieces studied. I also use them to post on my
   classroom web site for research at school or home. These have been a
   great help to me this year. I teach third grade level of Reading/Lang.
   Arts and Social Studies. My parents also loved having the sites to help
   with enrichment research projects. Keep the super sites coming.” Mary
   Ann Stanfill, 3rd Grade Teacher, Williamsburg Elementary School,
   Williamsburg, KY

   I use it to obtain links to use in my classroom and in the computer
   lab. I use them as handouts in my newsletters for pertinent subjects to
   my parents (they especially liked the one with math fact sites).”Anne
   Carroll, Alexandria, VA

   I really liked the printables. They were easy to download and easy to
   print. I used the Tesselations Printable to make a hard copy for a math
   teacher at our school who shared it with the other math teachers. Thank
   you.” Margaret Gamblin, Canehill, AR

   I used the printed handout as a resource. The kids used the online
   version. Very interesting topics. Thanks.” Suzanne Arrington, Evans, GA

   Thank you for putting in so much time to help us teachers!!!! You are
   greatly appreciated for making my job so much easier!”
   Nancy Ward, 8th Grade Computer Application Teacher, Ashland Middle
   School, OH

   The Printables Club site is amazing. I know the children will learn a
   lot from the information you provide. It is excellent.Robert Bier, Sam
   Salem Elementary, Akron, OH

   I am very glad to have a site to educate my child with safe fun and
   real learning. I like the fact that I can print out his lessons and
   plan ahead or do them right now. My son loves your site. Thank you!”Dee
   Carangio, homeschooler, FL

   The interesting printables help me make my lessons more interesting.”
   Eva Holmberg, Simrishamn, Sweden

   I like the way each subject is presented with a short synopsis of the
   website.Edna Steeb, Macon-East Montgomery Academy, Cecil, AL

   I like that a lot of research on a particular topic is already done for
   me. Simplifies my already very busy schedule. Allows for extra computer
   time for kids.”
   Cora Girard, Leamington, Ontario, Canada

   I use the handouts with students in a gifted and talented program in
   order to provide them with a variety of quality resources on the web. I
   print the handouts and share them with the students when we explore the
   topic.” Vicki Wright, Des Moines, Iowa

   I am not part of a school, but a Boys & Girls Club after-school
   education program. I like getting different ideas/worksheets, etc. to
   keep our program fresh and interesting.” Kathy Pomerhn

   You provide a valuable resource. I am the Technology Resource
   Specialist for the district and I support and coordinate the technology
   instruction k-12. I do not have the time to search and surf. Your site
   and newsletter make life easier for me and those I serve. Thanks!” Rod
   Carnill, Technology Resource Specialist, Frederick County Public
   Schools, Winchester, VA

   I love the diversity of your subjects. You always seem to be right on
   target with what my kids are studying in school.” Cynthia Grove. Union
   Elementary, Upper Sandusky, OH

   Somehow you manage to maintain consistently high quality material, and
   that can’t be easy. Even when things are not necessarily geared to my
   grade level (second), I still love to explore what you’ve shared
   because I always learn something new. Thank you so much…and keep up the
   good work!” Beth Dean, East Elementary, Torrington, CT

   Monthly
   $5.99/month
   10 day free trial of the Surfnetkids Printables Club, then $5.99 a
   month with auto-renewal.
   (5.99) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Monthly
   Most Popular
   Annual
   $39.95/year
   10 day free trial of the Surfnetkids Printables Club, then $39.95 a
   year with auto-renewal.
   (39.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Yearly

   Quarterly
   $10.95/quarter
   10 day free trial of the Surfnetkids Printables Club, then $10.95 a
   quarter with auto-renewal.
   (10.95) Join Surfnetkids Printables: Quarterly

   MENU [surfnetkids-white300x52.png]

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Monthly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 5.99 Every Month
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Yearly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 39.95 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Quarterly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 10.95 Every 3 Months
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Yearly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 39.95 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: District

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 188.00 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: School

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 73.00 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Monthly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 5.99 Every Month
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Yearly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 39.95 Every Year
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login

   [logo-surfnetkids-250x40.png]

   Join Surfnetkids Printables: Quarterly

   Existing users please login before purchasing

   Personal Information
   First Name ____________________
   Last Name ____________________
   Email ____________________

   Card Details
   Card Number ____________________
   Expires ____________________ ____________________
   Card Code ____________________
   Coupon Code ____________________
   (BUTTON) Just
   USD 10.95 Every 3 Months
   (BUTTON) Just
   Username: ____________________
   Password: ____________________
   Cancel (BUTTON) Login
    #Printables Club » Surfnetkids » Feed Printables Club » Surfnetkids »
   Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQ6GT38

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login

   Surfing the Net with Kids

     _____________________________________ Search

     * About
          + About Barbara
          + Advertising Rates
          + Contact Us
     * Blogs
          + Tech Tips
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Early Childhood
     * Fun
          + Coloring Pages
          + Contests
          + Puzzles
          + Jokes By Kids
     * Resources
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Video
          + Newsletter Archive
     * Shop
          + Downloads
          + Books and CDs
          + Printables Club
     * Grownups
          + Free Newsletter
          + Printables Club
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Tech Tips
          + Early Childhood
     * Printables
          + About Printables Club
          + Printables Club Login
          + Coloring Pages
          + Puzzles
     * Early Ed
     * Puzzles
     * Popular

   Surfnetkids » Printables Club » Your Membership

Your Membership: Invoices and Payment Info

   Name:
   Username:
   Email address:     **To modify your email address, password or display
   name, visit your user profile.
   Your Member Plan: No Membership Level

Member Login

   You are not currently logged in.
   Username:
   _______________
   Password:
   _______________
   [ ] Remember Me
   Login
   » Lost your Password?

FAQ

     * Printables Club HOME
     * Your User Profile
     * Your Membership: Invoices and Payment Details
     * Archive of All Printables
     * This Week's Premium Newsletter
     * Free Acrobat Reader
     * Ask Questions

   Resource Feed Newsletter Feed Game Feed All Feeds

   Copyright © 1996 - 2019 Surfnetkids.com, Inc. | About | Privacy Policy
   | Contact
   Another Fabulous Site from Feldman Publishing | Advertise With Us |
   Sponsored Posts | Back to Top

   MENU [surfnetkids-white300x52.png]

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login
    #Surfnetkids » Feed Surfnetkids » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQ6GT38

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login

   Surfing the Net with Kids

   Surfing the Net with Kids

     _____________________________________ Search

     * About
          + About Barbara
          + Advertising Rates
          + Contact Us
     * Blogs
          + Tech Tips
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Early Childhood
     * Fun
          + Coloring Pages
          + Contests
          + Puzzles
          + Jokes By Kids
     * Resources
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Video
          + Newsletter Archive
     * Shop
          + Downloads
          + Books and CDs
          + Printables Club
     * Grownups
          + Free Newsletter
          + Printables Club
          + Online Resources
          + Almanac
          + Tech Tips
          + Early Childhood
     * Printables
          + About Printables Club
          + Printables Club Login
          + Coloring Pages
          + Puzzles
     * Early Ed
     * Puzzles
     * Popular

   Surfnetkids » Popular Surfnetkids Pages

Popular Surfnetkids Pages

   Here’s what’s hot  on Surfnetkids:

Top 3 Resources

   First Aid
   Solar Eclipse
   Thanksgiving Table Crafts

Top 3 Almanac

   Top 10 Facts About Renoir
   Monet Gallery
   Top 10 Facts About the Emancipation Proclamation

Top 3 Independence Day

   A Brief History of the 4th of July
   4th of July Safety Tips
   Top Ten Fourth of July Jokes

Top 3 Games

   Harry Potter Quidditch Game
   Create a Warrior Cat
   Naruto Character Creator

Top 3 Tech

   What is a Facebook ‘Like’ Scam?
   Is the Talking Angela App Safe?
   10 Reasons Why Uber is Better than a Taxi

Top 3 Coloring Pages

   Mushroom House
   Food Pyramid
   Assorted Germies

Welcome to My Vision

   Barbara J. Feldman
   > Barbara J. Feldman

   ... of what's wonderful and educational on the Web for kids. While you
   are here, I encourage you to browse the recommended kids sites, free
   kids games, subscribe to my free website reviews newsletter, and take
   advantage of a free trial membership in the Surfnetkids Printables
   Club....[Continue]

Connect with Barbara

YES! Send me the free Surfnetkids newsletter with fresh resources every week.

   First Name ____________________ Email ____________________ Go

   We hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe.

Find Us on Facebook

   IFRAME:
   //www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.c
   om%2Fsurfnetkids&width=300&height=258&show_faces=true&colorscheme=light
   &stream=false&border_color&header=false&appId=294969877260036

   Resource Feed Newsletter Feed Game Feed All Feeds

   Copyright © 1996 - 2019 Surfnetkids.com, Inc. | About | Privacy Policy
   | Contact
   Another Fabulous Site from Feldman Publishing | Advertise With Us |
   Sponsored Posts | Back to Top

   MENU [surfnetkids-white300x52.png]

     * Home
     * Newsletter
     * Resources
     * Calendar
     * Games
     * Tech
     * Almanac
     * Coloring
     * Login
