   #LITTLE BUNNY PHOTOGRAPHY blog - Atom LITTLE BUNNY PHOTOGRAPHY blog -
   RSS

   LITTLE BUNNY PHOTOGRAPHY blog

Strony

     * HOME
     * MY STORY
     * CONTACT
     * LITTLE BUNNY

Summer Mini Portrait Sessions in London

SUMMER MINI PORTRAIT SESSIONS IN LONDON ARE HERE!

          [Summer_mini_family_child_portrait_sessions_London_2019.jpg]
    Summer Mini Photo Shoot in North East London  - maternity, child and
                         family portrait photography

   I'm delighted to announce our Summer Mini Portrait Sessions. Mini
   sessions are a great and affordable way to capture
   beautiful maternity, baby, child or family photographs.
   SPECIAL OFFER - 40% REGULAR PRICE !
   The exclusive Summer Mini Session is £75 and includes:
   - Pre-session consultation
   - 25 minutes photography session
   - Professionally edited images
   - Your choice of 3 high resolution digital photos delivered as digital
   downloads
   - A password protected online gallery
   - Print release allowing you to reproduce the images for personal use
   Please go to my page for more details.

MINI SESSIONS ARE IDEAL FOR EVERYONE

   - FOR BUMPSExpecting a new member of the family is always an exciting
   time. Why not to capture this most magical time of your life and freeze
   your beautiful bump on the photos!
   - FOR FAMILIESAre you a ghost mum or dad and in your family photos
   you don't seem to exist? Minis are the easiest option to create
   beautiful photos of all of you together, so nobody will be missed!
   - FOR CHILDRENChildren grow up so quickly! Let's capture their cheeky
   faces and personalities; no forced smiles or stages photos. Let them be
   children and play around the forest!
   - FOR ALL GENERATIONS Give your children memories to cherish forever!
   Create a stunning portrait of your whole family including their
   grandparents or anties!
   WHAT ARE "MINI SESSIONS" ?
   A mini session is a fun and affordable way to capture beautiful
   maternity, babies, children or family photographs. It is a photography
   session that typically lasts about 20-30 minutes. Clients are able to
   select their favourite images after the shoot from an online gallery of
   edited images.It’s the perfect way for new clients to get a taste of my
   photography style before booking a full session. My goal is to keep it
   simple and fun and get as many posed and candid shots as possible.
   I am looking forward to meet you and your family!
   Anna
   -
   Summer mini sessions London, Outdoor portrait session London, Maternity
   Session London, Baby photo session, Wanstead child family photographer,
   Snaresbrook child family photographer, Aldersbrook child family
   photographer, Walthamstow child family photographer, South Woodford
   baby child family photographer, Woodford child family
   photographer, Chigwell baby child family photographer, Chingford baby
   child family photographer, Buckhurst Hill  child family photographer,
   Loughton baby child family photographer, Theydon Bois child family
   photographer,Epping child family photographer, Chelmsford child family
   photographer, Barnet child family photographer, Hampstead child family
   photographer, Finchley baby child family photographer, Finsbury baby
   child baby family photographer, Alexandra Palace child baby family
   photographer, Harringay Child baby Family Photographer , Islington
   child family photographer, Muswell Hill baby child family photographer
   Autor: littlebunnyphotography 1 comment: Linki do tego posta
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Etykiety: Epping Photographer, family child photographer North East
   London, Family Essex Photographer, Photo shoot offer in London, Summer
   Mini sessions London
   Lokalizacja: London, UK

Hair Donation and fundraising for Children with Cancer UK

Support children with cancer, justgiving

   Dear fans and followers,

Our daughter, Hanna will be having her hair cut off (10-12 inch) on Thursday
4th April and donating them to the Little Princess Trust, who turn the hair
into real hair wigs for children that have lost their own hair through cancer
treatment. If you know Hanna, you know how much she loves her long hair and
cutting off even 25 cm is a big challenge for her.

Alongside this, she'd like to raise money for Children with Cancer UK, the
leading national children’s charity dedicated to the fight against childhood
cancer. Almost 4,000 children and young people are diagnosed with cancer
every year in the UK. They do an amazing job and I met in person lots of
little cancer survivors.

Life is so precious and fragile and we are so grateful that Hanna and her
little brother, Alex are healthy children - how lucky we are!!! Please help
children battling cancer.

Children with Cancer UK is a remarkable charity and we are super proud of our
daughter Hanna for choosing to give this amazing gift!  To encourage her that
'giving' is a great thing to do,  we ask you to please give as generously as
you can to support Hanna, the Little Princess Trust and Children with Cancer
UK. Lets make a difference!!!!

   PLEASE DONATE HERE: Hanna's Just Giving Page

THANK YOU!

   Lots of love,
   Team Hanna, xx

                        Supporting and helping others

   Please support a great cause
   ---
   Kids fundraising, Children with Cancer UK,  battling cancer, Little
   Princes Trust, London Charity, Charity event, Please support great
   cause, long hair, hair donation, my Hanna, proud mum
   Autor: littlebunnyphotography 1 comment: Linki do tego posta
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Etykiety: battling cancer, Charity event, CHILDREN with CANCER UK, hair
   donation, justgiving, Kids fundraising, Little Princes Trust, London
   Charity, my Hanna, Please support great cause, proud mum

Christening photography in Belsize Park, North London | Family event
photography by Little Bunny Photography

Christening  is a special occasion in the life of a child. It deserves to be
remembered with beautiful images.  I was very honoured when Claudia contacted
me with a request to photograph christening ceremony of her little boy,
Raphael. The ceremony took place in a gorgeous St. Peter's Church in Belsize
Park, North London.  The weather was perfect for this special occasion, I am
sure all guest enjoyed the day. Here are some photos from Raphael's Big Day.

   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8158.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8164.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8172.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8179.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8182.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8191.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8200.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8212.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8214.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8224.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8239.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8249.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8258.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8273.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8283.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8291.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8296.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8304.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8305.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8310.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8323.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8328.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8334.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8355.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8381.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8385.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8403.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8405.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8412.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8424.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8426.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8428.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8432.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8436.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8439.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8455.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8478.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8490.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8493.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8498.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8506.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8510.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8528.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8530.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8532.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8540.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8547.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8555.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8565.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8573.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8582.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8594.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8605.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8612.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8614.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8634.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8638.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8641.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8647.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8649.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8679.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8682.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8684.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8685.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8699.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8702.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8712.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8714.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8717.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8719.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8724.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8725.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8744.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8771.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8829.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8846.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8853.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8859.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8862.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8873.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8876.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8885.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8893.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8907.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8912.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8916.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8919.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8921.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8931.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8936.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8938.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8940.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8943.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_8952.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9052.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9059.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9079.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9098.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9116.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9145.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9152.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9177.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9184.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9189.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9192.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9197-Edit.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9207.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9228.jpg]
   [Christening_Baptism_photographer_London_Little_Bunny_photography_18042
   2_9241.jpg]
   Christening photography Belsize Park London, Wanstead Christening
   Baptism photographer, Snaresbrook Christening Baptism photographer,
   Aldersbrook Christening Baptism photographer, Walthamstow Christening
   Baptism photographer, South Woodford Christening Baptism
   photographer, Woodford Christening Baptism photographer Chigwell
   Christening Baptism photographer, Chingford Christening Baptism
   photographer, Buckhurst Hill  Christening Baptism photographer,
   Loughton Christening Baptism photographer, Theydon Bois Christening
   Baptism photographer, Redbridge Photographer, Epping Christening,
   Baptism photographer, Barnet Christening Baptism
   photographer, Hampstead  Christening Baptism photographer, Finchley
   Christening Baptism photographer, Finsbury Christening Baptism
   photographer, Alexandra Palace Christening Baptism photographer,
   Islington Christening Baptism photographer, Notting Hill Christening
   Baptism photographer, Family celebration London Photographer, London
   Family event photography
   Autor: littlebunnyphotography No comments: Linki do tego posta
   Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
   Etykiety: Christening baptism photography in Belsize Park, North London
   Lokalizacja: Belsize Park, London NW3 4BU, UK
   Older Posts Home
   Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)

Popular Posts

     * Running in puddles - London Children Outdoor Photo Shoot
       The joy of the little things... My little girl absolutely adores
       jumping and running through puddles. And she was really careful
       about her ...
     * Child portrait photography in the bluebells London | Gorgeous Chloe
       | Little Bunny Photography London
       Such a great start of our mini bluebell portrait sessions. Please
       meet Chloe, she was a dream to photograph. This gorgeous little
       lady was s...
     * Christening photography in Belsize Park, North London | Family
       event photography by Little Bunny Photography
       Christening   is a special occasion in the life of a child.
       It deserves to be remembered with beautiful images.  I was very
       honoured when C...
     * First Holy Communion Portrait Photography | Holy Communion Mini
       Session in London | Little Bunny Photography
       Holy Communions are tradition for Catholics and it is a lovely idea
       to document this special time. I am happy to share with you couple
       of po...
     * Maternity Photography on location in Woodford Green, Essex | Little
       Bunny Photography
       It was such a pleasure to photograph this lady. Please meet Aimee,
       a beautiful mum of two boys, soon to have another baby boy. Such a
       bless!...
     * Hair Donation and fundraising for Children with Cancer UK
       Dear fans and followers,  Our daughter, Hanna  will be having her
       hair cut off (10-12 inch) on Thursday 4...
     * In-home maternity session with Pei-Chi | Natural Light Lifestyle
       Photographer Wimbledon | Little Bunny Photography
       Please take a look at these photographs from beautiful natural
       light maternity session with stunning mum-to-be, my friend and
       fe...

Welcome to my blog

   This is the place where you will find sneak peeks from my child and
   family sessions and lots of updates from my own family life. Please
   drop by often for the latest work and special offers. Like my post?
   Feel free to comment. I would love to hear from you.

Search Little Bunny Blog

   __________ Search

Archiwum

     * ▼  2019 (2)
          + ▼  August (1)
               o Summer Mini Portrait Sessions in London
          + ►  March (1)

     * ►  2018 (3)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  April (1)

     * ►  2017 (12)
          + ►  October (3)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  June (3)
          + ►  April (3)
          + ►  March (1)

     * ►  2016 (22)
          + ►  October (2)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (8)
          + ►  May (4)
          + ►  April (4)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  February (1)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2015 (9)
          + ►  November (1)
          + ►  September (1)
          + ►  July (1)
          + ►  June (3)
          + ►  May (2)
          + ►  April (1)

     * ►  2014 (13)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  July (2)
          + ►  April (5)
          + ►  March (1)
          + ►  February (3)
          + ►  January (1)

     * ►  2013 (34)
          + ►  December (2)
          + ►  September (2)
          + ►  August (3)
          + ►  July (4)
          + ►  June (4)
          + ►  May (11)
          + ►  April (2)
          + ►  February (3)
          + ►  January (3)

     * ►  2012 (26)
          + ►  December (1)
          + ►  November (2)
          + ►  October (1)
          + ►  August (4)
          + ►  July (3)
          + ►  June (3)
          + ►  May (5)
          + ►  April (2)
          + ►  March (4)
          + ►  February (1)

     * ►  2011 (2)
          + ►  December (2)

About Me

   View my complete profile

Featured post

Newborn Photography in the client's home in Woodford Green, London | East
London and West Essex Newborn Photographer | Little Bunny Photography

   Meet Julia... a little cutie with such a gorgeous face.  I came to her
   house in East London on her 6th day of life to capture her
   portraits....
   [Blog_Newborn_photographer_East_London_Essex_Julia_160530_1408.jpg]
   © Little Bunny Photography. Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
