   EDP Sciences logo
     * Journals
     * Books
     * Conferences

   0
     * English (UK)
     * Français (FR)

   Subscriber Authentication Point
     * Sign in with login/password
     * Your subscription

   EDPS Account
     * Login

   Matériaux & Techniques
     * All issues
     * Topical issues
     * Forthcoming
     * About

   Search
   Menu
     * Browse
          + All issues
          + Topical issues
          + Forthcoming
     * About the journal
          + Aims and scope
          + Editorial board
          + Ethical standards
          + Leaflet (PDF)
          + Indexed in
          + Permission to reuse
          + MMS (for editors only)
          + Masthead
     * Author information
          + Instructions for authors
          + Submit a paper (MMS)
          + Charges
          + Open Access Option
          + National agreement in France
          + Language Editing Services
     * Reviewer information
     * Subscriber information
     * Submit your paper
     * Events
     * Reader's services
     * News
     * Partners
     * Links

   ____________________ (search)
   Advanced Search
   Vol. 107 (4) (2019) Back issues

Matériaux & Techniques

   Materials & Techniques - Journal of industrial materials, their
   implementation techniques and use
     * Latest articles
     * Latest issues
     * Most read articles

     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - I. Reminder of the past and specificity of
the corrosive medium
       J.-L. Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 401
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - II. Reanalysis of all the factual data
       Jean-Louis Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 402
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Influence de la distribution en taille (broyat de noyaux d’olive) sur les
propriétés de la brique
       Samia Djadouf, Nasser Chelouah and Abdelkader Tahakourt
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 403
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Synthesis, performance and growth mechanism of silver nanoparticle coated
SERS fiber probe
       Mengmei Geng, Yuting Long, Tongqing Liu, Zijuan Du, Hong Li,
       Zirui Liu and Yahong Xie
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 305
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Contemporary inside painting glass sculptures
       Jianyong Guo
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 306
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Laser-induced modification of amorphous GST225 phase change materials
       Sergey A. Kozyukhin, Petr I. Lazarenko, Yuri V. Vorobyov,
       Mikhail S. Savelyev, Alexander A. Polokhin, Victoria B.
       Glukhenkaya, Alexey A. Sherchenkov and Alexander Yu. Gerasimenko
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 307
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Open Access

Physical and mechanical studies on binary blended Portland cements containing
mordenite-rich tuff and limestone filler
       Meriem Meziani, Nordine Leklou, Ouali Amiri and Nasser Chelouah
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 303
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Synergetic effects of Cu-Zn bimetallic ions exchanged in NaX on acid sites of
M(x)X zeolites (M = Cu^2+ and/or Zn^2+, x = level of exchange). An in situ
FTIR study using pyridine adsorption/desorption
       Habib Hammoudi, Souhila Bendenia, Isabelle Batonneau-Gener,
       Jean-dominique Comparot, Kheira Marouf-Khelifa and Amine Khelifa
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 304
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Utilisation des sédiments d’envasement de barrages comme matières premières
locales dans la production des briques
       Fatima Nedloussi, Lakhdar Benamara and Kamal Ouhba
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 301
       Published online: 21 May 2019
     *

Influence de la substitution d’argile par des déchets sédimentaires dans des
briques en terre crue comprimée (BTCC) sur la résistance à l’abrasion
       Samuel Guéret, Gwenaël Diélie, Frédérique Bastin, Tiriana Segato,
       Michel Verbanck and Pierre D’Ans
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 302
       Published online: 21 May 2019

Most read articles

     * 7 days
     * 30 days
     * 90 days

   21
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   17
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants ont
été d’une grande fécondité

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 503
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   15
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   10
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   9
   Free Access

Synthèse bibliographique : micro-texturation et microinjection de
thermoplastiques

   Julie Vera, Anne-Catherine Brulez, Elise Contraires,
   Mathieu Larochette, Stéphane Valette and Stéphane Benayoun
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 3 (2017) 303
   Published online: 06 December 2017
   87
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   81
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   75
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   61
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   58
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   286
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   229
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   212
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   159
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
     *

Volume 107 / No 4 (2019) (open volume)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 3 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 2 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 1 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 106 / No 6 (2018)
       See the table of contents

     * Submit your paper
     * Instruction for authors
     * Sign up for Email-alert
     * Recommend this journal
     * Subscribe

   cover

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat

   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   [OAO.gif]

News

     * Authors of Metallurgical Research & Technology receive the 2018
       Alfred W. Allen Award
     * Matériaux & Techniques selected for the Emerging Sources Citation
       Index (ESCI): the new Thomson Reuters Index
     * EDP Sciences signed an agreement to preserve Journals with Portico
       (April 2015)

   More News

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Physico-chimie des polymères et propriétés
mécaniques

   Paris, Novembre 2019

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Rhéologie

   Paris, Avril 2020

   Indexed in Emerging Sources Citation Index (Web of Science)

New books

   Access our books' selection

   [234_60_science.gif]

Matériaux & Techniques

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat - Editorial board
   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   Frequency: 7 issues per year
   Copyright / Published by: EDP Sciences
     *
     *

   EDP Sciences
     * Privacy policy
     * Mentions légales
     * Contacts
     * Advertising
   EDP Sciences logo
     * Journals
     * Books
     * Conferences

   0
     * English (UK)
     * Français (FR)

   Subscriber Authentication Point
     * Sign in with login/password
     * Your subscription

   EDPS Account
     * Login

   Matériaux & Techniques
     * All issues
     * Topical issues
     * Forthcoming
     * About

   Search
   Menu
     * Browse
          + All issues
          + Topical issues
          + Forthcoming
     * About the journal
          + Aims and scope
          + Editorial board
          + Ethical standards
          + Leaflet (PDF)
          + Indexed in
          + Permission to reuse
          + MMS (for editors only)
          + Masthead
     * Author information
          + Instructions for authors
          + Submit a paper (MMS)
          + Charges
          + Open Access Option
          + National agreement in France
          + Language Editing Services
     * Reviewer information
     * Subscriber information
     * Submit your paper
     * Events
     * Reader's services
     * News
     * Partners
     * Links

   ____________________ (search)
   Advanced Search
   Vol. 107 (4) (2019) Back issues

Matériaux & Techniques

   Materials & Techniques - Journal of industrial materials, their
   implementation techniques and use
     * Latest articles
     * Latest issues
     * Most read articles

     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - I. Reminder of the past and specificity of
the corrosive medium
       J.-L. Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 401
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - II. Reanalysis of all the factual data
       Jean-Louis Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 402
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Influence de la distribution en taille (broyat de noyaux d’olive) sur les
propriétés de la brique
       Samia Djadouf, Nasser Chelouah and Abdelkader Tahakourt
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 403
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Synthesis, performance and growth mechanism of silver nanoparticle coated
SERS fiber probe
       Mengmei Geng, Yuting Long, Tongqing Liu, Zijuan Du, Hong Li,
       Zirui Liu and Yahong Xie
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 305
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Contemporary inside painting glass sculptures
       Jianyong Guo
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 306
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Laser-induced modification of amorphous GST225 phase change materials
       Sergey A. Kozyukhin, Petr I. Lazarenko, Yuri V. Vorobyov,
       Mikhail S. Savelyev, Alexander A. Polokhin, Victoria B.
       Glukhenkaya, Alexey A. Sherchenkov and Alexander Yu. Gerasimenko
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 307
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Open Access

Physical and mechanical studies on binary blended Portland cements containing
mordenite-rich tuff and limestone filler
       Meriem Meziani, Nordine Leklou, Ouali Amiri and Nasser Chelouah
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 303
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Synergetic effects of Cu-Zn bimetallic ions exchanged in NaX on acid sites of
M(x)X zeolites (M = Cu^2+ and/or Zn^2+, x = level of exchange). An in situ
FTIR study using pyridine adsorption/desorption
       Habib Hammoudi, Souhila Bendenia, Isabelle Batonneau-Gener,
       Jean-dominique Comparot, Kheira Marouf-Khelifa and Amine Khelifa
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 304
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Utilisation des sédiments d’envasement de barrages comme matières premières
locales dans la production des briques
       Fatima Nedloussi, Lakhdar Benamara and Kamal Ouhba
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 301
       Published online: 21 May 2019
     *

Influence de la substitution d’argile par des déchets sédimentaires dans des
briques en terre crue comprimée (BTCC) sur la résistance à l’abrasion
       Samuel Guéret, Gwenaël Diélie, Frédérique Bastin, Tiriana Segato,
       Michel Verbanck and Pierre D’Ans
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 302
       Published online: 21 May 2019

Most read articles

     * 7 days
     * 30 days
     * 90 days

   21
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   17
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants ont
été d’une grande fécondité

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 503
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   15
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   10
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   9
   Free Access

Synthèse bibliographique : micro-texturation et microinjection de
thermoplastiques

   Julie Vera, Anne-Catherine Brulez, Elise Contraires,
   Mathieu Larochette, Stéphane Valette and Stéphane Benayoun
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 3 (2017) 303
   Published online: 06 December 2017
   87
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   81
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   75
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   61
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   58
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   286
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   229
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   212
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   159
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
     *

Volume 107 / No 4 (2019) (open volume)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 3 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 2 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 1 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 106 / No 6 (2018)
       See the table of contents

     * Submit your paper
     * Instruction for authors
     * Sign up for Email-alert
     * Recommend this journal
     * Subscribe

   cover

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat

   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   [OAO.gif]

News

     * Authors of Metallurgical Research & Technology receive the 2018
       Alfred W. Allen Award
     * Matériaux & Techniques selected for the Emerging Sources Citation
       Index (ESCI): the new Thomson Reuters Index
     * EDP Sciences signed an agreement to preserve Journals with Portico
       (April 2015)

   More News

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Physico-chimie des polymères et propriétés
mécaniques

   Paris, Novembre 2019

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Rhéologie

   Paris, Avril 2020

   Indexed in Emerging Sources Citation Index (Web of Science)

New books

   Access our books' selection

   [234_60_science.gif]

Matériaux & Techniques

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat - Editorial board
   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   Frequency: 7 issues per year
   Copyright / Published by: EDP Sciences
     *
     *

   EDP Sciences
     * Privacy policy
     * Mentions légales
     * Contacts
     * Advertising
   #alternate

   EDP Sciences logo

     * Journals
     * Books
     * Conferences

   0
     * English (UK)
     * Français (FR)

   Subscriber Authentication Point

     * Sign in with login/password
     * Your subscription

   EDPS Account

     * Login

   Matériaux & Techniques

     * All issues
     * Topical issues
     * Forthcoming
     * About

   Search
   Menu

     * Browse
          + All issues
          + Topical issues
          + Forthcoming
     * About the journal
          + Aims and scope
          + Editorial board
          + Ethical standards
          + Leaflet (PDF)
          + Indexed in
          + Permission to reuse
          + MMS (for editors only)
          + Masthead
     * Author information
          + Instructions for authors
          + Submit a paper (MMS)
          + Charges
          + Open Access Option
          + National agreement in France
          + Language Editing Services
     * Reviewer information
     * Subscriber information
     * Submit your paper
     * Events
     * Reader's services
     * News
     * Partners
     * Links

   ____________________ (search)
   Advanced Search

   Vol. 107 (4) (2019) Back issues

Matériaux & Techniques

   Materials & Techniques - Journal of industrial materials, their
   implementation techniques and use
     * Latest articles
     * Latest issues
     * Most read articles

     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - I. Reminder of the past and specificity of
the corrosive medium
       J.-L. Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 401
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - II. Reanalysis of all the factual data
       Jean-Louis Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 402
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Influence de la distribution en taille (broyat de noyaux d’olive) sur les
propriétés de la brique
       Samia Djadouf, Nasser Chelouah and Abdelkader Tahakourt
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 403
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *
   Recent progress in glass science and technology

Synthesis, performance and growth mechanism of silver nanoparticle coated
SERS fiber probe
       Mengmei Geng, Yuting Long, Tongqing Liu, Zijuan Du, Hong Li,
       Zirui Liu and Yahong Xie
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 305
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     *
   Recent progress in glass science and technology

Contemporary inside painting glass sculptures
       Jianyong Guo
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 306
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     *
   Recent progress in glass science and technology

Laser-induced modification of amorphous GST225 phase change materials
       Sergey A. Kozyukhin, Petr I. Lazarenko, Yuri V. Vorobyov,
       Mikhail S. Savelyev, Alexander A. Polokhin, Victoria B.
       Glukhenkaya, Alexey A. Sherchenkov and Alexander Yu. Gerasimenko
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 307
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     *
   Open Access

Physical and mechanical studies on binary blended Portland cements containing
mordenite-rich tuff and limestone filler
       Meriem Meziani, Nordine Leklou, Ouali Amiri and Nasser Chelouah
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 303
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Synergetic effects of Cu-Zn bimetallic ions exchanged in NaX on acid sites of
M(x)X zeolites (M = Cu^2+ and/or Zn^2+, x = level of exchange). An in situ
FTIR study using pyridine adsorption/desorption
       Habib Hammoudi, Souhila Bendenia, Isabelle Batonneau-Gener,
       Jean-dominique Comparot, Kheira Marouf-Khelifa and Amine Khelifa
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 304
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Utilisation des sédiments d’envasement de barrages comme matières premières
locales dans la production des briques
       Fatima Nedloussi, Lakhdar Benamara and Kamal Ouhba
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 301
       Published online: 21 May 2019
     *

Influence de la substitution d’argile par des déchets sédimentaires dans des
briques en terre crue comprimée (BTCC) sur la résistance à l’abrasion
       Samuel Guéret, Gwenaël Diélie, Frédérique Bastin, Tiriana Segato,
       Michel Verbanck and Pierre D’Ans
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 302
       Published online: 21 May 2019

Most read articles

     * 7 days
     * 30 days
     * 90 days

   21

   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   17

   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants ont
été d’une grande fécondité

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 503
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   15

   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   10

   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   9

   Free Access

Synthèse bibliographique : micro-texturation et microinjection de
thermoplastiques

   Julie Vera, Anne-Catherine Brulez, Elise Contraires,
   Mathieu Larochette, Stéphane Valette and Stéphane Benayoun
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 3 (2017) 303
   Published online: 06 December 2017
   87

   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   81

   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   75

   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   61

   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   58

   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   286

   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   229

   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   212

   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   159

   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
     *

Volume 107 / No 4 (2019) (open volume)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 3 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 2 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 1 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 106 / No 6 (2018)
       See the table of contents

     * Submit your paper
     * Instruction for authors
     * Sign up for Email-alert
     * Recommend this journal
     * Subscribe

   cover

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat

   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   [OAO.gif]

News

     * Authors of Metallurgical Research & Technology receive the 2018
       Alfred W. Allen Award
     * Matériaux & Techniques selected for the Emerging Sources Citation
       Index (ESCI): the new Thomson Reuters Index
     * EDP Sciences signed an agreement to preserve Journals with Portico
       (April 2015)

   More News

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Physico-chimie des polymères et propriétés
mécaniques

   Paris, Novembre 2019

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Rhéologie

   Paris, Avril 2020

   Indexed in Emerging Sources Citation Index (Web of Science)

New books

   Access our books' selection

   [234_60_science.gif]

Matériaux & Techniques

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat - Editorial board
   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   Frequency: 7 issues per year
   Copyright / Published by: EDP Sciences
     *
     *

   EDP Sciences
     * Privacy policy
     * Mentions légales
     * Contacts
     * Advertising
   EDP Sciences logo
     * Journals
     * Books
     * Conferences

   0
     * English (UK)
     * Français (FR)

   Subscriber Authentication Point
     * Sign in with login/password
     * Your subscription

   EDPS Account
     * Login

   Matériaux & Techniques
     * All issues
     * Topical issues
     * Forthcoming
     * About

   Search
   Menu
     * Browse
          + All issues
          + Topical issues
          + Forthcoming
     * About the journal
          + Aims and scope
          + Editorial board
          + Ethical standards
          + Leaflet (PDF)
          + Indexed in
          + Permission to reuse
          + MMS (for editors only)
          + Masthead
     * Author information
          + Instructions for authors
          + Submit a paper (MMS)
          + Charges
          + Open Access Option
          + National agreement in France
          + Language Editing Services
     * Reviewer information
     * Subscriber information
     * Submit your paper
     * Events
     * Reader's services
     * News
     * Partners
     * Links

   ____________________ (search)
   Advanced Search
   Vol. 107 (4) (2019) Back issues

Matériaux & Techniques

   Materials & Techniques - Journal of industrial materials, their
   implementation techniques and use
     * Latest articles
     * Latest issues
     * Most read articles

     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - I. Reminder of the past and specificity of
the corrosive medium
       J.-L. Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 401
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - II. Reanalysis of all the factual data
       Jean-Louis Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 402
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Influence de la distribution en taille (broyat de noyaux d’olive) sur les
propriétés de la brique
       Samia Djadouf, Nasser Chelouah and Abdelkader Tahakourt
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 403
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Synthesis, performance and growth mechanism of silver nanoparticle coated
SERS fiber probe
       Mengmei Geng, Yuting Long, Tongqing Liu, Zijuan Du, Hong Li,
       Zirui Liu and Yahong Xie
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 305
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Contemporary inside painting glass sculptures
       Jianyong Guo
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 306
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Laser-induced modification of amorphous GST225 phase change materials
       Sergey A. Kozyukhin, Petr I. Lazarenko, Yuri V. Vorobyov,
       Mikhail S. Savelyev, Alexander A. Polokhin, Victoria B.
       Glukhenkaya, Alexey A. Sherchenkov and Alexander Yu. Gerasimenko
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 307
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Open Access

Physical and mechanical studies on binary blended Portland cements containing
mordenite-rich tuff and limestone filler
       Meriem Meziani, Nordine Leklou, Ouali Amiri and Nasser Chelouah
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 303
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Synergetic effects of Cu-Zn bimetallic ions exchanged in NaX on acid sites of
M(x)X zeolites (M = Cu^2+ and/or Zn^2+, x = level of exchange). An in situ
FTIR study using pyridine adsorption/desorption
       Habib Hammoudi, Souhila Bendenia, Isabelle Batonneau-Gener,
       Jean-dominique Comparot, Kheira Marouf-Khelifa and Amine Khelifa
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 304
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Utilisation des sédiments d’envasement de barrages comme matières premières
locales dans la production des briques
       Fatima Nedloussi, Lakhdar Benamara and Kamal Ouhba
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 301
       Published online: 21 May 2019
     *

Influence de la substitution d’argile par des déchets sédimentaires dans des
briques en terre crue comprimée (BTCC) sur la résistance à l’abrasion
       Samuel Guéret, Gwenaël Diélie, Frédérique Bastin, Tiriana Segato,
       Michel Verbanck and Pierre D’Ans
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 302
       Published online: 21 May 2019

Most read articles

     * 7 days
     * 30 days
     * 90 days

   21
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   17
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants ont
été d’une grande fécondité

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 503
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   15
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   10
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   9
   Free Access

Synthèse bibliographique : micro-texturation et microinjection de
thermoplastiques

   Julie Vera, Anne-Catherine Brulez, Elise Contraires,
   Mathieu Larochette, Stéphane Valette and Stéphane Benayoun
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 3 (2017) 303
   Published online: 06 December 2017
   87
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   81
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   75
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   61
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   58
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   286
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   229
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   212
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   159
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
     *

Volume 107 / No 4 (2019) (open volume)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 3 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 2 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 1 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 106 / No 6 (2018)
       See the table of contents

     * Submit your paper
     * Instruction for authors
     * Sign up for Email-alert
     * Recommend this journal
     * Subscribe

   cover

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat

   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   [OAO.gif]

News

     * Authors of Metallurgical Research & Technology receive the 2018
       Alfred W. Allen Award
     * Matériaux & Techniques selected for the Emerging Sources Citation
       Index (ESCI): the new Thomson Reuters Index
     * EDP Sciences signed an agreement to preserve Journals with Portico
       (April 2015)

   More News

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Physico-chimie des polymères et propriétés
mécaniques

   Paris, Novembre 2019

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Rhéologie

   Paris, Avril 2020

   Indexed in Emerging Sources Citation Index (Web of Science)

New books

   Access our books' selection

   [234_60_science.gif]

Matériaux & Techniques

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat - Editorial board
   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   Frequency: 7 issues per year
   Copyright / Published by: EDP Sciences
     *
     *

   EDP Sciences
     * Privacy policy
     * Mentions légales
     * Contacts
     * Advertising
   EDP Sciences logo
     * Journals
     * Books
     * Conferences

   0
     * English (UK)
     * Français (FR)

   Subscriber Authentication Point
     * Sign in with login/password
     * Your subscription

   EDPS Account
     * Login

   Matériaux & Techniques
     * All issues
     * Topical issues
     * Forthcoming
     * About

   Search
   Menu
     * Browse
          + All issues
          + Topical issues
          + Forthcoming
     * About the journal
          + Aims and scope
          + Editorial board
          + Ethical standards
          + Leaflet (PDF)
          + Indexed in
          + Permission to reuse
          + MMS (for editors only)
          + Masthead
     * Author information
          + Instructions for authors
          + Submit a paper (MMS)
          + Charges
          + Open Access Option
          + National agreement in France
          + Language Editing Services
     * Reviewer information
     * Subscriber information
     * Submit your paper
     * Events
     * Reader's services
     * News
     * Partners
     * Links

   ____________________ (search)
   Advanced Search
   Vol. 107 (4) (2019) Back issues

Matériaux & Techniques

   Materials & Techniques - Journal of industrial materials, their
   implementation techniques and use
     * Latest articles
     * Latest issues
     * Most read articles

     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - I. Reminder of the past and specificity of
the corrosive medium
       J.-L. Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 401
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Detailed mechanisms of hydrogen charging and hydrogen stress cracking of
steel in liquid ammonia storage - II. Reanalysis of all the factual data
       Jean-Louis Crolet
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 402
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     *

Influence de la distribution en taille (broyat de noyaux d’olive) sur les
propriétés de la brique
       Samia Djadouf, Nasser Chelouah and Abdelkader Tahakourt
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 4 (2019) 403
       Published online: 23 September 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Synthesis, performance and growth mechanism of silver nanoparticle coated
SERS fiber probe
       Mengmei Geng, Yuting Long, Tongqing Liu, Zijuan Du, Hong Li,
       Zirui Liu and Yahong Xie
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 305
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Contemporary inside painting glass sculptures
       Jianyong Guo
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 306
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Recent progress in glass science and technology

Laser-induced modification of amorphous GST225 phase change materials
       Sergey A. Kozyukhin, Petr I. Lazarenko, Yuri V. Vorobyov,
       Mikhail S. Savelyev, Alexander A. Polokhin, Victoria B.
       Glukhenkaya, Alexey A. Sherchenkov and Alexander Yu. Gerasimenko
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 307
       Published online: 03 July 2019
     * Open Access

Physical and mechanical studies on binary blended Portland cements containing
mordenite-rich tuff and limestone filler
       Meriem Meziani, Nordine Leklou, Ouali Amiri and Nasser Chelouah
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 303
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Synergetic effects of Cu-Zn bimetallic ions exchanged in NaX on acid sites of
M(x)X zeolites (M = Cu^2+ and/or Zn^2+, x = level of exchange). An in situ
FTIR study using pyridine adsorption/desorption
       Habib Hammoudi, Souhila Bendenia, Isabelle Batonneau-Gener,
       Jean-dominique Comparot, Kheira Marouf-Khelifa and Amine Khelifa
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 304
       Published online: 04 June 2019
     *

Utilisation des sédiments d’envasement de barrages comme matières premières
locales dans la production des briques
       Fatima Nedloussi, Lakhdar Benamara and Kamal Ouhba
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 301
       Published online: 21 May 2019
     *

Influence de la substitution d’argile par des déchets sédimentaires dans des
briques en terre crue comprimée (BTCC) sur la résistance à l’abrasion
       Samuel Guéret, Gwenaël Diélie, Frédérique Bastin, Tiriana Segato,
       Michel Verbanck and Pierre D’Ans
       Matériaux & Techniques, 107 3 (2019) 302
       Published online: 21 May 2019

Most read articles

     * 7 days
     * 30 days
     * 90 days

   21
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   17
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants ont
été d’une grande fécondité

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 503
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   15
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   10
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   9
   Free Access

Synthèse bibliographique : micro-texturation et microinjection de
thermoplastiques

   Julie Vera, Anne-Catherine Brulez, Elise Contraires,
   Mathieu Larochette, Stéphane Valette and Stéphane Benayoun
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 3 (2017) 303
   Published online: 06 December 2017
   87
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   81
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   75
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   61
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie II : Les principaux problèmes de
fonctionnement dont la résolution fut la condition du développement de la
coulée continue (CC)

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 504
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   58
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
   286
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

Global distribution of material stocks: iron, copper and nickel

   Kenichi Nakajima, Ichiro Daigo, Keisuke Nansai, Kazuyo Matsubae,
   Wataru Takayanagi, Makoto Tomita and Yasunari Matsuno
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 511
   Published online: 20 June 2018
   229
   Society and Materials (SAM11)
   Open Access

To transport waste or transport recycling plant: Insights from life-cycle
analysis

   Guilhem Grimaud, Bertrand Laratte and Nicolas Perry
   Matériaux & Techniques, 105 5-6 (2017) 516
   Published online: 11 July 2018
   212
   Free Access

La coulée continue des aciers. Un exemple de développement technique où
l’étroite coopération entre métallurgistes, constructeurs et exploitants a
été d’une grande fécondité - Partie III : La solidification en machine de
coulée continue (CC) ; application à la coulée de quelques familles de
nuances d’acier

   Jean Saleil and Jean Le Coze
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 5 (2018) 505
   Published online: 25 January 2019
   159
   Open Access

On the evaluation of dislocation densities in pure tantalum from EBSD
orientation data

   Claude Fressengeas, Benoît Beausir, Christophe Kerisit,
   Anne-Laure Helbert, Thierry Baudin, François Brisset, Marie-Hélène
   Mathon, Rémy Besnard and Nathalie Bozzolo
   Matériaux & Techniques, 106 6 (2018) 604
   Published online: 15 February 2019
     *

Volume 107 / No 4 (2019) (open volume)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 3 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 2 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 107 / No 1 (2019)
       See the table of contents
     *

Volume 106 / No 6 (2018)
       See the table of contents

     * Submit your paper
     * Instruction for authors
     * Sign up for Email-alert
     * Recommend this journal
     * Subscribe

   cover

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat

   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   [OAO.gif]

News

     * Authors of Metallurgical Research & Technology receive the 2018
       Alfred W. Allen Award
     * Matériaux & Techniques selected for the Emerging Sources Citation
       Index (ESCI): the new Thomson Reuters Index
     * EDP Sciences signed an agreement to preserve Journals with Portico
       (April 2015)

   More News

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Physico-chimie des polymères et propriétés
mécaniques

   Paris, Novembre 2019

   CNRS FORMATION ENTREPRISE

Stage de formation continue Rhéologie

   Paris, Avril 2020

   Indexed in Emerging Sources Citation Index (Web of Science)

New books

   Access our books' selection

   [234_60_science.gif]

Matériaux & Techniques

   Editors-in-Chief: J.-P. Birat - Editorial board
   ISSN: 0032-6895 - eISSN: 1778-3771
   Frequency: 7 issues per year
   Copyright / Published by: EDP Sciences
     *
     *

   EDP Sciences
     * Privacy policy
     * Mentions légales
     * Contacts
     * Advertising
