   [tr?id=2489915727931921&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse and use the site you
   are agreeing to our use of cookies.
   I Agree

   TerraCycle
     * Recycle your Waste
     * Learn about TerraCycle
     * Work with us
     * Invest in Us

   ____________________
   Recycle your Waste
   Learn about TerraCycle
   Work with us
   Invest in Us

Send your Waste

     * How it Works
     * Collection Programs
     * Get a Label
     * Buy a Box

Incentives

     * Environmental Benefit
     * Points Program
     * Contests and Promotions

Resources

     * Collection Materials
     * DIY Projects

Contact Us

     * Customer Support
     * Press Inquiries
     * Material Sales

     * Australia
     * Sign up
     * Sign in

Recycle everything with TerraCycle®

   Waste Stream ____________________
   Location ____________________
   (BUTTON) Search
   See all

Win a recycled community garden set for your school!

   JOIN THE COLGATE COMMUNITY GARDEN CHALLENGE!

   All pre-, primary and secondary school are invited to join the Colgate
   Community Garden Challenge!

   Schools can start collecting oral care waste and online votes for their
   chance to win a recycled community garden set to grow their own veggie
   patch!

   Don't miss out  – entries will open on 22 February and close 30
   September 2019!

   Click here to find out more!

INTRODUCING TERRACYCLE'S STOCK OFFERING

Become an investor in the fast-growing firm that cracked-the-code, making
recycling the unrecyclable not only feasible but desirable and profitable!

We are proud that this offering is open to everyone, all levels of investors!


OFFERING CIRCULAR

LEARN MORE


Securities offered through strategic capital investments, llc. Member
finra/sipc. Disclaimer: private securities offerings may have a long holding
period, be illiquid, and contain a high degree of risk. Investors must be
able to afford the loss of all of their principal. No money or other
consideration is being solicited, and if sent in response, will not be
accepted. No offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of the
purchase price can be received until the offering statement filed by the
company with the sec has been qualified by the sec. Any such offer may be
withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
time before notice of acceptance given after the date of qualification. An
indication of interest involves no obligation or commitment of any kind. An
offering statement regarding this offering has been filed with the sec. You
may obtain a copy of the preliminary offering circular that is part of that
offering statement from:

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1714781/000114420417059765/tv479723_p
artiiandiii.ht

     *
     *

What is TerraCycle?

   TerraCycle is Eliminating the Idea of Waste® by recycling the
   "non-recyclable." Whether it's coffee capsules from your home, pens
   from a school, or plastic gloves from a manufacturing facility,
   TerraCycle can collect and recycle almost any form of waste. We partner
   with individual collectors such as yourself, as well as major consumer
   product companies, retailers, manufacturers, municipalities, and small
   businesses across 20 different countries. With your help, we are able
   to divert millions of pounds of waste from landfills and incinerators
   each month.

   Get started by using the search bar above and tell us what you want to
   recycle.
   Learn more

   TerraCycle

Support

     * Contact us
     * Investor Relations
     * Press Inquiries

Shop

     *
     * TV Show
     * Books

More

     * Select Country
     * Careers
     * API

     *
     *
     *

     * Terms of Use
     *

   TerraCycle
   Copyright TerraCycle 2019. All Rights Reserved

   (BUTTON) ×

WeChat
   [tr?id=2489915727931921&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse and use the site you
   are agreeing to our use of cookies.
   I Agree

   TerraCycle
     * Recycle your Waste
     * Learn about TerraCycle
     * Work with us
     * Invest in Us

   ____________________
   Recycle your Waste
   Learn about TerraCycle
   Work with us
   Invest in Us

Send your Waste

     * How it Works
     * Collection Programs
     * Get a Label
     * Buy a Box

Incentives

     * Environmental Benefit
     * Points Program
     * Contests and Promotions

Resources

     * Collection Materials
     * DIY Projects

Contact Us

     * Customer Support
     * Press Inquiries
     * Material Sales

     * Australia
     * Sign up
     * Sign in

Recycle everything with TerraCycle®

   Waste Stream ____________________
   Location ____________________
   (BUTTON) Search
   See all

Win a recycled community garden set for your school!

   JOIN THE COLGATE COMMUNITY GARDEN CHALLENGE!

   All pre-, primary and secondary school are invited to join the Colgate
   Community Garden Challenge!

   Schools can start collecting oral care waste and online votes for their
   chance to win a recycled community garden set to grow their own veggie
   patch!

   Don't miss out  – entries will open on 22 February and close 30
   September 2019!

   Click here to find out more!

INTRODUCING TERRACYCLE'S STOCK OFFERING

Become an investor in the fast-growing firm that cracked-the-code, making
recycling the unrecyclable not only feasible but desirable and profitable!

We are proud that this offering is open to everyone, all levels of investors!


OFFERING CIRCULAR

LEARN MORE


Securities offered through strategic capital investments, llc. Member
finra/sipc. Disclaimer: private securities offerings may have a long holding
period, be illiquid, and contain a high degree of risk. Investors must be
able to afford the loss of all of their principal. No money or other
consideration is being solicited, and if sent in response, will not be
accepted. No offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of the
purchase price can be received until the offering statement filed by the
company with the sec has been qualified by the sec. Any such offer may be
withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any
time before notice of acceptance given after the date of qualification. An
indication of interest involves no obligation or commitment of any kind. An
offering statement regarding this offering has been filed with the sec. You
may obtain a copy of the preliminary offering circular that is part of that
offering statement from:

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1714781/000114420417059765/tv479723_p
artiiandiii.ht

     *
     *

What is TerraCycle?

   TerraCycle is Eliminating the Idea of Waste® by recycling the
   "non-recyclable." Whether it's coffee capsules from your home, pens
   from a school, or plastic gloves from a manufacturing facility,
   TerraCycle can collect and recycle almost any form of waste. We partner
   with individual collectors such as yourself, as well as major consumer
   product companies, retailers, manufacturers, municipalities, and small
   businesses across 20 different countries. With your help, we are able
   to divert millions of pounds of waste from landfills and incinerators
   each month.

   Get started by using the search bar above and tell us what you want to
   recycle.
   Learn more

   TerraCycle

Support

     * Contact us
     * Investor Relations
     * Press Inquiries

Shop

     *
     * TV Show
     * Books

More

     * Select Country
     * Careers
     * API

     *
     *
     *

     * Terms of Use
     *

   TerraCycle
   Copyright TerraCycle 2019. All Rights Reserved

   (BUTTON) ×

WeChat
   [tr?id=2489915727931921&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse and use the site you
   are agreeing to our use of cookies.
   I Agree

   TerraCycle
     * Recycle your Waste
     * Learn about TerraCycle
     * Work with us
     * Invest in Us

   ____________________
   Recycle your Waste
   Learn about TerraCycle
   Work with us
   Invest in Us

Send your Waste

     * How it Works
     * Collection Programs
     * Get a Label
     * Buy a Box

Incentives

     * Environmental Benefit
     * Points Program
     * Contests and Promotions

Resources

     * Collection Materials
     * DIY Projects

Contact Us

     * Customer Support
     * Press Inquiries
     * Material Sales

     * Australia
     * Sign up
     * Sign in

Recycle your waste

   Through our variety of recycling platforms, we’ll help you find a
   solution for almost all of your waste.

Your TerraCycle profile

   Sign in or sign up for TerraCycle programs. Many of our programs are
   completely free, but creating a TerraCycle account is required to take
   full advantage of these programs.
   Sign in Sign up

Send your waste

   TerraCycle offers a variety of programs through which you may recycle
   nearly every type of waste.
   [recycle_free-f181c862d5039fd4990a57729112bc42dad779decfc2a707c98814678
   bd25d7f.jpg]

Free Recycling Programs

   These recycling programs are completely, made possible through our
   partners' support. Simply sign up and start recycling.
   Browse Free Recycling Programs
   [zwb_600x300-73ec3d33be4779d225ad45786e5a5ea12a631969fc05bcebe6b6e461e6
   5b7516.jpg]

Zero Waste Boxes

   Zero Waste Boxes allow us to create recycling solutions for nearly
   every type of waste imaginable. These boxes may be purchased in various
   sizes.
   Browse Zero Waste Boxes
   [lsr_600x300-2bca8e69b80199e10612da43fcdce866f11cee64d76749162b33e358ef
   b02557.jpg]

Large-scale recycling

   Our teams can also work with your business or company to recycle large
   volumes of waste.
   Learn more
   [earn_rewards-b8c1e6e52aaf476a4eac7ef1c3065a47f1f4c5e84e71f7929367a0375
   c74cb2b.jpg]

Earn rewards for waste

   Through TerraCycle’s free recycling programs, you can earn TerraCycle
   points which are redeemable for charitable gifts, TerraCycle products,
   or a donation to a school or non-profit of your choice.
     * How TerraCycle points work
     * Contests and promotions
       [resources_for_recycling-2774fd079bd16c469f43f98754d939ebf7e5d521b9
       cfdff1aa35b50a3c95b0b0.jpg]

Resources for recycling
       Participating in TerraCycle programs is fun and easy. To help make
       it even easier we've developed a variety of tools and resources.
          + Browse Tools and Resources
            [diy_upcycling-5bdf5533415c6ac60aa7d0870fb7091e9ba77ed02a3e6f3
            36245ab121ad6bdc7.jpg]

Do-it-yourself upcycling
            Our Design Team has come up with an impressive array of
            do-it-yourself projects for you to upcycle your waste.
               o Browse DIY Projects
                 TerraCycle

Support
                    # Contact us
                    # Investor Relations
                    # Press Inquiries

Shop
                    #
                    # TV Show
                    # Books

More
                    # Select Country
                    # Careers
                    # API
                    #
                    #
                    #
                    # Terms of Use
                    #
                 TerraCycle
                 Copyright TerraCycle 2019. All Rights Reserved
                 (BUTTON) ×

WeChat
   [tr?id=2489915727931921&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse and use the site you
   are agreeing to our use of cookies.
   I Agree

   TerraCycle
     * Recycle your Waste
     * Learn about TerraCycle
     * Work with us
     * Invest in Us

   ____________________
   Recycle your Waste
   Learn about TerraCycle
   Work with us
   Invest in Us

Send your Waste

     * How it Works
     * Collection Programs
     * Get a Label
     * Buy a Box

Incentives

     * Environmental Benefit
     * Points Program
     * Contests and Promotions

Resources

     * Collection Materials
     * DIY Projects

Contact Us

     * Customer Support
     * Press Inquiries
     * Material Sales

     * Australia
     * Sign up
     * Sign in

   Back to Homepage

About TerraCycle

   TerraCycle is an innovative recycling company that has become a global
   leader in recycling hard-to-recycle waste.

Collection Platforms

   TerraCycle offers a range of free programs that are funded by
   conscientious companies, as well as recycling solutions available for
   purchase for almost every form of waste.

Free Recycling Programs

   TerraCycle offers free recycling programs funded by brands,
   manufacturers, and retailers around the world to help you collect and
   recycle your hard-to-recycle waste. Simply choose the programs you’d
   like to join; start collecting in your home, school, or office;
   download free shipping labels; and send us your waste to be recycled.
   You can even earn rewards for your school or favorite non-profit!
   ____________________
   Search
   See all Learn more
   [free_recycling_programs-b8fdc32cfa82ad80145ef794e6d3ccdfc29de415333d97
   14b044f818d029bb48.jpg]

To date, over 202 million people are collecting in 21 countries and have
collected billions of pieces of waste, raising over 44 million dollars for
charities around the world.

   [zero_waste_boxes-a9ad9bd5ebf835864d36cde5e8c9dbf7291707f48bd68f53fdd9e
   dec54fcd2dc.jpg]

Zero Waste Box™ platform (purchase required)

   TerraCycle’s Zero Waste Box™ platform allows you to recycle almost any
   type of waste, from your coffee capsules to complex laboratory waste.
   Choose the waste stream you’d like to recycle, purchase your preferred
   box size, collect your waste, and send it to TerraCycle to be
   repurposed (shipping is included). Zero Waste Boxes are available for
   purchase via Australia Post, King Bins or Officeworks!
   ____________________
   Search
   See all Learn more

Municipal programs

   TerraCycle partners with many municipalities around the world to bring
   zero waste solutions that range from recycling cigarette butts to
   curbside programs that recycle hard-to-recycle materials.
   Learn more
   [city_recycling-808a6ca9aeb033f1636f86f234ce70781929c6c28b2e18a24261194
   19d9a1930.jpg]
   [pre-consumer_rollstock-769f844efef9e021587059d607c41b50e32dc20271a4c35
   f254052f861375b4e.jpg]

Industrial Waste Solutions

   TerraCycle partners with many manufacturing facilities around the world
   to recycle large quantities of difficult-to-recycle waste, as well as
   small, unusual waste streams like personal protective equipment.
   Learn more

Regulated waste recycling

   TerraCycle`s regulated waste division provides products and services to
   help you facilitate the effective and compliant management of
   regulated, universal and hazardous waste. This may include fluorescent
   lamps, bulbs, batteries, and e-waste as well as organic waste, medical
   waste and other waste streams that are potentially harmful to the
   environment.
   [tcrw-all-products-162ba7893bd6ecb4e6e004ca7a2d38f4cffb299c76f61b856b42
   170476015f0e.jpg]
   [events-weblogo-02f74658b1c597fd6face4ec1cfd705e017762489bb74ba87354b44
   05a33b42b.jpg]

Event Services

   TerraCycle provides comprehensive event services for businesses and
   organizations. We can assist you in every step of the way, from
   collection and recycling to promotion and sponsorship. Whatever your
   needs are, we will work closely with you to provide the best possible
   recycling solutions for your event. Please contact us at
   [email protected] for more information.

The TerraCycle solution

   TerraCycle reuses, upcycles and recycles waste instead of incinerating
   or landfilling it. This moves waste from a linear system to a circular
   one, allowing it to keep cycling in our economy.
     * How We Solve for Waste
     * Environmental benefits

   [terracycle_solution-bec1c87cbb8bf6f7cacb8a3eced16cd074dbe673d91a5c1a89
   517e598e22feaf.jpg]

In the News

   The latest newspaper and magazine articles, blogs, and social content
   can be found below.

   If you are a member of the media and would like to learn more about
   TerraCycle, please visit our Media Room.

Zuru Partners With TerraCycle To Launch Global Balloon Recycling Program

     LOS ANGELES: Leading toy and consumer products manufacturer ZURU Inc,
   announced today the Bunch O Balloons Recycling Program powered by a
   long-term strategic alliance with the innovative recycling giant
   TerraCycle.   The partnership encourages consumers to think ‘green’ and
   … Continue Reading
   NewKerala.com · Aug 1, 2019

100,000 contact lenses recycled in one year

   Over 100,000 pieces of contact lens waste has been diverted from
   landfill since July 2017 — a milestone the Bausch + Lomb Recycling
   Programme is celebrating soon after its one-year anniversary in
   Australia.
   Sustainability Matters · Aug 24, 2018

Five recycling programs you may not know about

   Regardless of your style, be it beauty addict or basic wash and go, we
   all use personal care products of some description. And for the most
   part, that means packaging. So L’Oréal Australia®  teamed up with
   TerraCycle® to bring a … Continue Reading
   Lifestyle · Aug 20, 2018

   More news

History

   TerraCycle was founded in 2001 by Tom Szaky, then a student at
   Princeton University, on a mission towards Eliminating the Idea of
   Waste®. From these humble beginnings TerraCycle has grown into the
   global leader in collecting and repurposing hard-to-recycle waste:
   operating in over 20 countries, engaging over 60 million people, and
   recycling billions of pieces of waste through various innovative
   platforms.

   Read more

Awards

   TerraCycle has won over 200 awards for social entrepreneurship and
   continues to bring affordable recycling solutions for many waste
   streams that were previously non-recyclable.

   Sustainability Initiative of the Year by the Business Intelligence
   Group (2017)
   Schwab Foundation - Social Entrepreneur of the Year (2013)
   United Nations Foundation for Social Change - Leader of Change (2012)
   Forbes Magazine - Forbes Impact 30 List, Tom Szaky (2011)
   Clinton Global Initiative - Member, Environmental Stewardship (2016)
   Cause Marketing Forum - Golden Halo Award (2013)
   Inc. 500 (2009)
   Entrepreneur Magazine - Brilliant 100 Companies (2012)
   U.S. Environmental Protection Agency - TerraCycle's business model was
   recognized by the EPA as coinciding with its own solid waste reduction
   strategies (2006)
   Parenting Magazine - Mom-Tested Product of the Year, TerraCycle
   Cleaning Supplies (2009)
   Environmental Leader - Top Product of the Year, Staples Canada and
   TerraCycle Zero Waste Box (2015)
   Entrepreneur Magazine - Entrepreneur360 Performance Index, Best
   Entrepreneurial Companies In America (2015)

   See all

Inside TerraCycle

   TerraCycle is like no other waste management company in the world. Our
   offices around the world are made entirely from upcycled waste, our
   walls are covered in ever-changing graffiti from local artists, and we
   thrive on a culture of transparency and high-energy innovation. To see
   a day in the life of a TerraCycle employee, tune in to our critically
   acclaimed TV show, “Human Resources,” on Pivot, or look through our
   available careers and internships to experience it for yourself.

   Learn more

   [office-5faefe8e5391804cb061ece314c0fde46a10c9a8506990532a9c16dde175835
   d.jpg]

   TerraCycle

Support

     * Contact us
     * Investor Relations
     * Press Inquiries

Shop

     *
     * TV Show
     * Books

More

     * Select Country
     * Careers
     * API

     *
     *
     *

     * Terms of Use
     *

   TerraCycle
   Copyright TerraCycle 2019. All Rights Reserved

   (BUTTON) ×

WeChat
   [tr?id=2489915727931921&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse and use the site you
   are agreeing to our use of cookies.
   I Agree

   TerraCycle
     * Recycle your Waste
     * Learn about TerraCycle
     * Work with us
     * Invest in Us

   ____________________
   Recycle your Waste
   Learn about TerraCycle
   Work with us
   Invest in Us

Send your Waste

     * How it Works
     * Collection Programs
     * Get a Label
     * Buy a Box

Incentives

     * Environmental Benefit
     * Points Program
     * Contests and Promotions

Resources

     * Collection Materials
     * DIY Projects

Contact Us

     * Customer Support
     * Press Inquiries
     * Material Sales

     * Australia
     * Sign up
     * Sign in

Collection Programs

   ____________________
   Search
   Free
   Thumbnail for Bausch + Lomb Recycling Programme

Bausch + Lomb Recycling Programme

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Beard and Hair Nets

Beard and Hair Nets Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Beauty Products

Beauty Products Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Binders

Binders Zero Waste Box

   new Free
   Thumbnail for Bread Bag Closure Recycling Program

Bread Bag Closure Recycling Program

   new $$$
   Thumbnail for Breakroom Separation

Breakroom Separation Zero Waste Box

   new Free
   Thumbnail for Burt's Bees Recycle on Us

Burt's Bees Recycle on Us

   new $$$
   Thumbnail for Cigarette Waste

Cigarette Waste Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Coffee Capsules

Coffee Capsules Zero Waste Box

   Free
   Thumbnail for Colgate Community Garden Challenge

Colgate Community Garden Challenge

   Free
   Thumbnail for Dish and Air Care Recycling Program

Dish and Air Care Recycling Program

   new Free
   Thumbnail for Jeuneora Recycling Program

Jeuneora Recycling Program

   Free
   Thumbnail for Jurlique Recycling Program

Jurlique Recycling Program

   Free
   Thumbnail for L'OR & Moccona Capsules Recycling Program

L'OR & Moccona Capsules Recycling Program

   IN STORE DROPOFF Free
   Thumbnail for L'Occitane Recycling Program

L'Occitane Recycling Program

   new $$$
   Thumbnail for LOCTITE® Anaerobic Adhesive Packaging

LOCTITE® Anaerobic Adhesive Packaging Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Mailroom Supplies

Mailroom Supplies Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Media Storage

Media Storage Zero Waste Box

   Free
   Thumbnail for NESCAFÉ® Dolce Gusto® Capsule Recycling Program

NESCAFÉ® Dolce Gusto® Capsule Recycling Program

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Office Supplies

Office Supplies Zero Waste Box

   Free
   Thumbnail for Oral Care Recycling Program

Oral Care Recycling Program

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Pens, Pencils and Markers

Pens, Pencils and Markers Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Plastic Gloves

Plastic Gloves Zero Waste Box

   new $$$
   Thumbnail for Safety Equipment and Protective Gear

Safety Equipment and Protective Gear Zero Waste Box

   new Free
   Thumbnail for Seven Miles coffee pods recycling program

Seven Miles coffee pods recycling program

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Snack Wrappers

Snack Wrappers Zero Waste Box

   $$$
   Thumbnail for Straws

Straws Zero Waste Box

   new $$$
   Thumbnail for Toys

Toys Zero Waste Box

   new Free
   Thumbnail for Woolworths Ooshies™ recycling program

Woolworths Ooshies™ recycling program

   new Free
   Thumbnail for Writing Instruments Recycling Program

Writing Instruments Recycling Program

   new Free
   Thumbnail for ZURU Bunch O Balloons™ Recycling Program

ZURU Bunch O Balloons™ Recycling Program

   IN STORE DROPOFF Free
   Thumbnail for innisfree Empty Bottle Recycling Program

innisfree Empty Bottle Recycling Program

   TerraCycle

Support

     * Contact us
     * Investor Relations
     * Press Inquiries

Shop

     *
     * TV Show
     * Books

More

     * Select Country
     * Careers
     * API

     *
     *
     *

     * Terms of Use
     *

   TerraCycle
   Copyright TerraCycle 2019. All Rights Reserved

   (BUTTON) ×

WeChat
