   #FOX News RSS alternate

Fox News

     * U.S.
     * World
     * Opinion
     * Politics
     * Entertainment
     * Business
     * Lifestyle
     * TV
     * Fox Nation
     * Listen
     * More

   Expand / Collapse search
   Login
   Watch TV
   ☰

   Hot Topics
     * McConnell on impeachment
     * Turkey to invade Syria
     * ISIS prison breaks

   Markets
     * SP500
     * I:COMP
     * I:DJI
     * More

   Sponsored by

   ____________________ Search

U.S.

     * Crime
     * Military
     * Education
     * Terror
     * Immigration
     * Economy
     * Personal Freedoms
     * Fox News Investigates

World

     * U.N.
     * Conflicts
     * Terrorism
     * Disasters
     * Global Economy
     * Environment
     * Religion
     * Scandals

Opinion

Politics

     * Executive
     * Senate
     * House
     * Judiciary
     * Foreign policy
     * Polls
     * Elections

Entertainment

     * Celebrity News
     * Movies
     * TV News
     * Music News
     * Style News
     * Entertainment Video

Business

     * Markets
     * Politics
     * Technology
     * Features
     * Business Leaders

Lifestyle

     * Food + Drink
     * Cars + Trucks
     * Travel + Outdoors
     * House + Home
     * Fitness + Well-being
     * Style + Beauty
     * Family

Science

     * Archaeology
     * Air & Space
     * Planet Earth
     * Wild Nature
     * Natural Science
     * Dinosaurs

Tech

     * Security
     * Innovation
     * Drones
     * Computers
     * Video Games
     * Military Tech

Health

     * Healthy Living
     * Medical Research
     * Mental Health
     * Cancer
     * Heart Health
     * Children's Health

TV

     * Shows
     * Personalities
     * Watch Live
     * Full Episodes
     * Show Clips
     * News Clips

About

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Fox Around the World
     * Advertise With Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Media Relations
     * Compliance

Other

     * Fox Nation
     * Fox News Shop
     * Fox News Go
     * Fox News Radio
     * Newsletters
     * Alerts
     * Podcasts
     * Apps & Products

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Google+
     * Instagram
     * RSS
     * Email

   Fox News
     * Terms of Use
     * Updated Privacy Policy(What's Changed)
     * Closed Captioning Policy
     * Help
     * Contact Us

   This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
   redistributed. ©2019 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All
   market data delayed 20 minutes.

   Fox News
   PreviewOn
   Switch preview on/off
   On Now

Exclusive Clips

   WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital
   Trade Agreement Live NowLive

WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital Trade
Agreement

   Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA
   4:50

   outnumbered overtime

Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA

   Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have
   significant implications' 4:47

   America's Newsroom

Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have significant
implications'

   Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump 6:08

   America's Newsroom

Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump

   IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US
   abandoning its allies 3:30

   America's Newsroom

IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US abandoning
its allies

   Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs
   all the way to the bank 1:04

Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs all
the way to the bank

   Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs.
   Sen. Johnson 6:06

   Fox & Friends

Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs. Sen.
Johnson

   Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
   whistleblower 5:17

   Fox & Friends First

Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
whistleblower

   Show More

   President Trump granted reprieve on tax return case after federal
   judge’s blistering ruling
   DOCUMENT DRAMA

President Trump granted reprieve on tax return case after federal judge’s
blistering ruling

     * House Dems subpoena Pentagon, White House budget office in
       impeachment inquiry
     * McConnell ad telegraphs plan to protect Trump against Pelosi in
       impeachment fight

   STEVE HILTON: What no one has been reporting about the Trump-Ukraine
   case
   'OBSESSION WITH SCANDAL'

STEVE HILTON: What no one has been reporting about the Trump-Ukraine case

     * Gen. Jack Keane: Trump's Syria withdrawal is a 'betrayal' and would
       be a 'strategic blunder'
     * IG could not explain 18-day window between Ukraine call and
       whistleblower complaint: sources

   Clarence Thomas absent as Supreme Court begins new term
   WHERE’S THE JUSTICE?

Clarence Thomas absent as Supreme Court begins new term

     * Chief Justice Roberts says Supreme Court nonpartisan
     * Supreme Court kicks off election-year agenda with hot-button
       immigration, guns and abortion cases

   In-N-Out president, heiress explains those Bible verses on packaging
   FAITH AND FRIES

In-N-Out president, heiress explains those Bible verses on packaging

   ʼJeopardy!ʼ host hints he may need to leave show over cancer battle
   SAD REVELATION

'Jeopardy!' host hints he may need to leave show over cancer battle

   Fox News
   PreviewOn
   Switch preview on/off
   On Now

Exclusive Clips

   WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital
   Trade Agreement Live NowLive

WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital Trade
Agreement

   Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA
   4:50

   outnumbered overtime

Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA

   Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have
   significant implications' 4:47

   America's Newsroom

Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have significant
implications'

   Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump 6:08

   America's Newsroom

Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump

   IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US
   abandoning its allies 3:30

   America's Newsroom

IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US abandoning
its allies

   Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs
   all the way to the bank 1:04

Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs all
the way to the bank

   Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs.
   Sen. Johnson 6:06

   Fox & Friends

Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs. Sen.
Johnson

   Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
   whistleblower 5:17

   Fox & Friends First

Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
whistleblower

   Show More

   ‘Diff’rent Strokes’ actor’s estranged wife gets restraining order

   Entertainment

‘Diff’rent Strokes’ actor’s estranged wife gets restraining order

   Liz Warren’s new plan would bar federal judges from doing this
   BANNED ON THE BENCH

   Politics

Liz Warren’s new plan would bar federal judges from doing this

   School shooting hero now officially a Marine

   U.S.

School shooting hero now officially a Marine

   SEE IT: Putin’s birthday hike includes usual staged photos

   World

SEE IT: Putin’s birthday hike includes usual staged photos

   Incognito seen pushing opponentʼs head into dirt after play

   Sports

Incognito seen pushing opponent's head into dirt after play

   DHS boss booed off stage at college immigration conference

   Politics

DHS boss booed off stage at college immigration conference

   New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers
   deadly stabbing of Catholic teacher

   US

New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers deadly
stabbing of Catholic teacher

   Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
   ʼstrangers in our countryʼ

   world

Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
'strangers in our country'

   Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   US

Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   Who is the pastor preaching at Kanye Westʼs Sunday Service?

   Faith & Values

Who is the pastor preaching at Kanye West's Sunday Service?

   Dallas police seeking suspects accused of stealing more than $3G worth
   of gas

   US

Dallas police seeking suspects accused of stealing more than $3G worth of gas

   ‘Zombie deer’ run amok in Nevada, may put people at risk
   UNHEALTHY HERD

   Science

‘Zombie deer’ run amok in Nevada, may put people at risk

   Ancient ʼNew Yorkʼ discovered in Israel

   Science

Ancient 'New York' discovered in Israel

   ʼTowing disputeʼ leads to death of tow company employee: police

   U.S.

'Towing dispute' leads to death of tow company employee: police

   Courteney Cox-Kelly Cuoco selfie sends Internet into frenzy
   FANS’ FRIENDS THEORY

   Entertainment

Courteney Cox-Kelly Cuoco selfie sends Internet into frenzy

   Tennessee Volunteers dismiss Jeremy Banks after video of second
   incident surfaces

   Sports

Tennessee Volunteers dismiss Jeremy Banks after video of second incident
surfaces

   Colorado woman charged by 2 moose during hike

   U.S.

Colorado woman charged by 2 moose during hike

   Womanʼs Halloween rant shaming neighbors about candy quality goes
   viral: ʼIt has to stopʼ

   Food & Drink

Woman's Halloween rant shaming neighbors about candy quality goes viral: 'It
has to stop'

Fox Nation

   Join Now

   What role did the Battle of King’s Mountain play in the Revolutionary
   War?

   THIS DAY IN AMERICAN HISTORY

What role did the Battle of King’s Mountain play in the Revolutionary War?

   Show More

Fox News Flash

   [fox-news-flash.jpg]

Bongino: Chuck Todd should quit news biz after interview of Johnson

   FOX & FRIENDS

Mark Sanford on Hunter Biden's Ukraine dealings: It's the 'proverbial swamp'
at work

   AMERICA'S NEWSROOM

McCarthy pushes back on Democrats' impeachment agenda and calls out Schiff

   FOX & FRIENDS

Eric Trump: Bias of mainstream media poses a 'danger' to the country

   FOX & FRIENDS

Mollie Hemingway: Media ignores another Biden scandal

   FOX & FRIENDS

Opinion

Dems' strategy of personal destruction against Trump began with Brett
Kavanaugh

   By Thom Tillis
   Thom Tillis

We have fought many wars as a country but now we are engaged in a battle for
our soul

   By Jackie Gingrich Cushman
   Jackie Gingrich Cushman

Bozell & Graham: Liberals and banned books -- What's 'hate speech' and who
decides?

   By L. Brent Bozell III
   L. Brent Bozell III

We must be fearless when teaching our kids about dangers of socialism

   By Rachel Campos-Duffy
   Rachel Campos-Duffy

Panicky Dems beg Michelle Obama to run -- But would she win?

   By Liz Peek
   Liz Peek

‘Groundhog Day’ Dems and media keep spinning same anti-Trump narrative

   By Michael Goodwin
   Michael Goodwin

   Show More
   Podcast
   Fox News Rundown


   Podcast Logo
   Play / Pause
    /
   Volume

Get the best of Fox News delivered to your inbox daily

   Enter email address ____________________
   Sign Up
   We've added you to our mailing list.
   Close
   Your email address was not valid.
   Close

Features & Faces

   Mom praised for response to Costco customer
   Mom praised for response to Costco customer

   WATCH: Gender reveal goes hilariously wrong
   WATCH: Gender reveal goes hilariously wrong

   Hurley's royal connection
   Hurley's royal connection

   Ward teases 'more taboo' porn stuff
   Ward teases 'more taboo' porn stuff

   The truth comes out
   The truth comes out

   Paulina: Death was complete 'shock'
   Paulina: Death was complete 'shock'

   King of diesel trucks?
   King of diesel trucks?

   Air Force’s big bomber plan
   Air Force’s big bomber plan

   Woolly mammoth surprise
   Woolly mammoth surprise

   Asteroid strike had 'global consequences'
   Asteroid strike had 'global consequences'

   Miley's romance heats up
   Miley's romance heats up

   Chen mourns death of 'Big Brother' star
   Chen mourns death of 'Big Brother' star

   Winkler, Hanks feuding since 1989
   Winkler, Hanks feuding since 1989

   Country duo's surprising love story
   Country duo's surprising love story

   Coco: I CAN be sexy
   Coco: I CAN be sexy

   Here's how to get one free
   Here's how to get one free
   Previous
   Next

Proud American

   View All

   Doomed WWII warship reveals its secrets: How ʼthe lucky 13ʼ survived
   the sinking of the USS Eagle

   Science

Doomed WWII warship reveals its secrets: How 'the lucky 13' survived the
sinking of the USS Eagle

   Opinion

Jackie Gingrich Cushman: We have fought many wars as a country but now we are
engaged in a battle for our soul

   Science

D-Day discovery: Original of reporter's famous wartime recording found in
Long Island basement

   01:49Video

Scars and Stripes Coffee empowers veterans to start their own businesses

   02:47Video

Job Creators Network works to educate others on others on problems with
socialism

   02:27Video

High school student stops to salute flag after hearing National Anthem

Fox News Flash

   View All

   Kilmeade on Trump pulling US troops out of Syria: Weʼll be ʼright back
   thereʼ to fight ISIS

   Media

Kilmeade on Trump pulling US troops out of Syria: We'll be 'right back there'
to fight ISIS

   Media

Gen. Jack Keane: Trump's Syria withdrawal is a 'betrayal' and would be a
'strategic blunder'

   Media

Mark Sanford on Hunter Biden's Ukraine dealings: It's the 'proverbial swamp'
at work

   Media

Former CIA officer questions whether second whistleblower also has political
bias

   Media

Sen. Graham warns Syria withdrawal would be 'big win for ISIS,' compares
Trump's strategy to Obama

   Media

House Minority Leader McCarthy pushes back on Democrats' impeachment agenda
and calls out Adam Schiff

Politics

   View All

   Volker steps down from McCain Institute post as impeachment cloud
   causes ʼdistractionʼ

   Politics

Volker steps down from McCain Institute post as impeachment cloud causes
'distraction'

   Politics

IG could not explain 18-day window between Ukraine call and whistleblower
complaint: sources

   Politics

House Dems subpoena Pentagon, White House budget office in impeachment
inquiry

   Politics

Jimmy Carter builds Habitat for Humanity home in Tennessee despite black eye,
stitches from fall

   Politics

Clarence Thomas absent 'due to illness' as Supreme Court begins new term

   Politics

Biden still slidin’

U.S.

   View All

   Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers deadly
stabbing of Catholic teacher

   U.S.

Dallas police seeking 2 men accused of stealing more than $3G worth of gas

   U.S.

Colorado school shooting hero now officially a Marine

   U.S.

American WWII pilot to get full military burial at Arlington decades after
Papua New Guinea crash

   U.S.

Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana highway

World

   View All

   Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
   ʼstrangers in our countryʼ

   World

Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
'strangers in our country'

   World

Climate protests in Europe result in more than 250 arrests, criticism from
German official

   Faith & Values

90 million Christians and Jews pray for Jerusalem peace in global event
featuring US ambassador to Israel

   Politics

House Dems subpoena Pentagon, White House budget office in impeachment
inquiry

   Media

Gen. Jack Keane: Trump's Syria withdrawal is a 'betrayal' and would be a
'strategic blunder'

   World

Russian President Vladimir Putin’s birthday hike includes usual staged
photos, though he keeps his shirt on

Opinion

   View All

   Sen. Thom Tillis: Demsʼ strategy of personal destruction against Trump
   began with Brett Kavanaugh

   Opinion

Sen. Thom Tillis: Dems' strategy of personal destruction against Trump began
with Brett Kavanaugh

   Opinion

Steve Hilton: What no one has been reporting about the Trump-Ukraine
impeachment saga

   Opinion

Jackie Gingrich Cushman: We have fought many wars as a country but now we are
engaged in a battle for our soul

   Opinion

Bozell & Graham: Liberals and banned books -- What's 'hate speech' and who
decides?

   Opinion

Michael Goodwin: ‘Groundhog Day’ Dems and media keep spinning same anti-Trump
narrative

   Opinion

Steve Moore: Democrats are wrong. Middle-class incomes surging – thanks to
Trump policies

Family

   View All

   Mike Fisher, Carrie Underwoodʼs husband, on faith, family, and
   ʼCatchinʼ Deersʼ

   Faith & Values

Mike Fisher, Carrie Underwood's husband, on faith, family, and 'Catchin'
Deers'

   Opinion

Sharon Jaynes: What are you saying to yourself about your spouse?

   Opinion

Paul Batura: Why an Irish-Polish guy like me celebrates Hispanic Heritage
Month every day of the year

   Faith & Values

Dominican Republic doctor helps impoverished community he grew up in: 'God
answered my prayers'

   Entertainment

Terri Irwin 'proud' of Bindi, Robert carrying on late father Steve's animal
legacy

   Entertainment

Jada Pinkett Smith reveals Will Smith marriage is only recently feeling like
an 'adult relationship'

Entertainment

   View All

   ʼWalking Deadʼ actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Hilarie Burton get married
   in secret after 10 years together

   Entertainment

'Walking Dead' actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Hilarie Burton get married in
secret after 10 years together

   Entertainment

'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek may leave show over cancer battle

   Entertainment

Tim McGraw, Faith Hill celebrate 23rd wedding anniversary with adorable
throwback photo

   Entertainment

'Diff'rent Strokes' actor Danny Cooksey's estranged wife gets restraining
order after jealous behavior: report

   Entertainment

Prince Harry, Meghan Markle reunite with Prince William, Kate Middleton for
mental health PSA

   Entertainment

Elizabeth Hurley met Meghan Markle before Prince Harry did: 'She was
fantastic'

What to Watch

   View All

   Joe Biden unveils new strategy to deal with growing Ukraine controversy

   03:16outnumbered overtime

Joe Biden unveils new strategy to deal with growing Ukraine controversy

   02:24outnumbered

Anti-Trump celebrities unite for 'Impeachment Task Force'

   03:23

Sources: Initial whistleblower did not disclose contact with Intelligence
Committee to inspector general

   02:13

NBA under fire after Rockets GM tweets support for Hong Kong

   04:47America's Newsroom

Gen. Jack Keane says 'betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will
have significant implications'

   00:33

Jimmy Carter attends charity event hours after fall that required 14 stitches

The Forefront of Innovation

   View All

   Air Force bomber plan: B-2, B-52 and B-1 to fly into 2040

   Tech

Air Force bomber plan: B-2, B-52 and B-1 to fly into 2040

   Science

NASA is ready to test its first all-electric experimental X-plane: 'A
significant event'

   Tech

How artificial intelligence is transforming the global battle against human
trafficking

   Tech

New Air Force Research Lab strategy fast-tracks weapons

   Tech

5G is a groundbreaking new technology (or is it?)

   Tech

Army builds new body armor 14-times stronger in the face of enemy fire

Sports

   View All

   Deshaun Watsonʼs early fumble, scramble for first down an indicator of
   Houston Texansʼ day

   Sports

Deshaun Watson's early fumble, scramble for first down an indicator of
Houston Texans' day

   Sports

St. Louis Cardinals' Carlos Martinez caught blowing kiss to Atlanta Braves
baserunner

   Sports

Oakland Raiders' Richie Incognito seen pushing opponent's head into dirt
after play

   Sports

Ex-Buffalo Bills linebacker arrested for allegedly pulling gun on teens
playing ding-dong ditch, police say

   Sports

Vontaze Burfict being singled out by NFL with season-long suspension, Raiders
linebacker's agent says

   Sports

Oklahoma Sooners kicker investigated for allegedly assaulting girlfriend,
report says

Technology

   View All

   Tim McGraw, Faith Hill celebrate 23rd wedding anniversary with adorable
   throwback photo

   Entertainment

Tim McGraw, Faith Hill celebrate 23rd wedding anniversary with adorable
throwback photo

   U.S.

Colorado school shooting hero now officially a Marine

   Tech

Air Force bomber plan: B-2, B-52 and B-1 to fly into 2040

   U.S.

Uber driver in coma after suffering heart attack because of knife-wielding
passenger, wife says

   U.S.

Texas company removes murder suspect's GPS monitor due to unpaid fees without
telling authorities: officials

   Science

NASA unveils 3D map of the moon

Faith & Values

   View All

   In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith,
   explains those Bible verses on packaging

   Food & Drink

In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith, explains
those Bible verses on packaging

   Faith & Values

Who is Kanye West's California pastor preaching at Sunday Service?

   Faith & Values

Mike Fisher, Carrie Underwood's husband, on faith, family, and 'Catchin'
Deers'

   Opinion

Sharon Jaynes: What are you saying to yourself about your spouse?

   Opinion

Paul Batura: Why an Irish-Polish guy like me celebrates Hispanic Heritage
Month every day of the year

   Opinion

Joshua Rogers: Families in pain deliver powerful courtroom lessons in
forgiveness

Autos

   View All

   The 2020 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel can tow 6 tons and get 32 mpg

   Cars + Trucks

The 2020 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel can tow 6 tons and get 32 mpg

   Cars + Trucks

Bear cubs stuck in van freed after honking horn

   Cars + Trucks

Kyle Larson wins NASCAR's Monster Mile in Dover

   Cars + Trucks

Teslas will soon make fart and animal sounds, Musk tweets

   Cars + Trucks

Lincoln increasing production of $115G Continental with 'suicide' doors for
2020

   Cars + Trucks

AAA test finds some automotive pedestrian detection systems don't work at
night and need improvement

Business Leaders

   View All

   Las Vegas gambler’s insider trading appeal rejected by US Supreme Court

   Money

Las Vegas gambler’s insider trading appeal rejected by US Supreme Court

   Money

Judge denies Trump's tax return suit against Manhattan DA; President appeals
decision

   Markets

Unilever vows to slash plastic use

   Money

Hedge fund manager vows to fight ‘opportunistic’ New York over $526K vacation
home tax bill

   Technology

Ex-billionaire Elizabeth Holmes can't pay lawyers defending her in Theranos
fraud claim

   Money

Chuck DeVore: Carl Icahn is leaving New York for Florida. (At age 83!) Why
now? Here's my theory

Travel + Outdoors

   View All

   Florida wildlife officials capture 18-foot, 98-pound Burmese python

   Science

Florida wildlife officials capture 18-foot, 98-pound Burmese python

   U.S.

Oklahoma woman in pickup shot in thigh by Labrador puppy

   Media

Las Vegas shooting survivor undergoes 11th surgery, reacts to $800 million
settlement for victims

   Great Outdoors

Florida fisherman catches enormous tarpon from shore with help from drone:
'People were freaking out'

   Great Outdoors

Brown bear photo-bombs 'oblivious' fishermen in wildlife photographer's photo

   Great Outdoors

Alaska’s Katmai National Park & Reserve kicks off annual 'Fat Bear Week'

Food + Drink

   View All

   In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith,
   explains those Bible verses on packaging

   Food & Drink

In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith, explains
those Bible verses on packaging

   U.S.

Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana highway

   Food & Drink

Woman's Halloween rant shaming neighbors about candy quality goes viral: 'It
has to stop'

   Food & Drink

'Ghostbusters' Halloween decorations at Pennsylvania restaurant earn praise:
'Whole town is talking about it'

   Food & Drink

Starbucks customer with nut allergy sues after served coffee with almond milk

   Food & Drink

Krispy Kreme debuts new Halloween-themed doughnuts

House + Home

   View All

   Price of General Robert E. Leeʼs boyhood home slashed to $5.6 million

   Real Estate

Price of General Robert E. Lee's boyhood home slashed to $5.6 million

   Real Estate

'Legally' haunted New York home back on the market

   Real Estate

San Francisco’s least expensive home still costs $600G

   Real Estate

San Francisco's most expensive listing gets $4.5-million cut from $45 million
asking price

   Real Estate

Private island north of Manhattan for sale is surprisingly affordable

   Politics

Obamas placed an offer on 'mega-expensive' estate in Martha's Vineyard:
report

Fitness + Well-being

   View All

   Pregnant model Ashley Graham praised for sharing intense workout
   session on Instagram

   Lifestyle

Pregnant model Ashley Graham praised for sharing intense workout session on
Instagram

   Lifestyle

61-year-old woman claims she feels better now than in her 30s, shares secrets
to looking young

   Lifestyle

Fitness expert jailed for threatening her rivals on Instagram: 'Gonna rain
fire down on your world'

   Lifestyle

Millennials have less than 7 hours of relaxation time per week, survey claims

   Great Outdoors

Jogger rescues deer from fence twice: 'Your a-- better not get stuck again!'

   Entertainment

Alex Trebek has Dr. Oz in his corner as 'Jeopardy' host battles pancreatic
cancer

Style + Beauty

   View All

   Momʼs viral Facebook post explains why hair scrunchies are ʼsecretʼ
   sign of middle school romance

   Lifestyle

Mom's viral Facebook post explains why hair scrunchies are 'secret' sign of
middle school romance

   Lifestyle

'Golden Girls' Halloween costumes sell out at Target

   Lifestyle

Erin Andrews debuts WEAR clothing line of 'basics' featuring subtle nods to
NFL teams

   Lifestyle

Underwear thieves stole $4,200 worth of Victoria’s Secret panties in New
Jersey, police say

   Entertainment

Gigi Hadid and Tyler Cameron are splitsville, report says

   Lifestyle

College admissions scandal gets a sexy Halloween costume

Health

   View All

   3 NICU babies die after contracting bacterial infection in Pennsylvania
   hospital

   Health

3 NICU babies die after contracting bacterial infection in Pennsylvania
hospital

   Health

CDC: 1,250 measles cases recorded in US since Jan. 1

   Health

Teacher penned own obituary before cancer death, told friends to 'let go of
the insignificant things'

   Health

Groom rushed into brain surgery on would-be wedding day

   Health

Michigan boy, 12, burned in 'fire challenge' game, mom says

   Health

Parasite in freshwater snails likely caused man's calcified bladder

Personal Finance

   View All

   How this flavored water is making a splash in the competitive soft
   drink industry

   Lifestyle

How this flavored water is making a splash in the competitive soft drink
industry

   Money

These veteran job programs help military members transition into the
workplace after service

   Money

Judge denies Trump's tax return suit against Manhattan DA; President appeals
decision

   Money

College loans: When is it good to go in the red for higher education?

   Money

Hedge fund manager vows to fight ‘opportunistic’ New York over $526K vacation
home tax bill

   Money

IRS audits more poor taxpayers because it's easier, cheaper than targeting
the rich

Good News

   View All

   Jimmy Carter builds Habitat for Humanity home in Tennessee despite
   black eye, stitches from fall

   Politics

Jimmy Carter builds Habitat for Humanity home in Tennessee despite black eye,
stitches from fall

   Politics

Jimmy Carter recovering after fall at Georgia home, requiring stitches

   U.S.

California 'team of junior detectives' help find missing 97-year-old woman
with dementia

   Faith & Values

Dominican Republic doctor helps impoverished community he grew up in: 'God
answered my prayers'

   Health

Pediatric cancer survivor donates thousands of toys to hospital to celebrate
birthday

   Faith & Values

Five feel-good stories from this week you don't want to miss

Full Episodes

   View All

   Outnumbered - Monday, October 7

   37:53Video

Outnumbered - Monday, October 7

   39:43

Life, Liberty, & Levin - Sunday, October 6

   47:33

Fox News Sunday - Sunday, October 6

   40:31

The Next Revolution w/ Steve Hilton - Sunday, October 6

   39:44

Journal Editorial Report - Sunday, October 6

   40:34

Media Buzz - Sunday, October 6

Fox News Salutes

   View All

   Medal of Honor museum will be in Arlington, Texas

   04:13Video

Medal of Honor museum will be in Arlington, Texas

   Media

'It was really overwhelming': Thousands attend funeral of veteran who had no
family

   U.S.

Former veterans charity leader sentenced to year in prison for stealing $900G

   U.S.

Many veterans fuming over nationwide smoking ban on VA facilities grounds

   U.S.

Purple Heart recipient dies after saving granddaughter, 3, from Oklahoma
house explosion

   Entertainment

Toby Keith presents veteran, who lost legs in Afghanistan, with special
wheelchair

Crime

   View All

   Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers deadly
stabbing of Catholic teacher

   Sports

Ex-Buffalo Bills linebacker arrested for allegedly pulling gun on teens
playing ding-dong ditch, police say

   U.S.

Maryland 'towing dispute' leads to death of tow company employee, police say

   U.S.

Uber driver in coma after suffering heart attack because of knife-wielding
passenger, wife says

   U.S.

Massachusetts nursing home resident, 76, dies after assault by roommate, 83,
officials say

Odd News

   View All

   Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana
   highway

   U.S.

Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana highway

   U.S.

Texas company removes murder suspect's GPS monitor due to unpaid fees without
telling authorities: officials

   U.S.

North Carolina mom, 2 others arrested after they allegedly swapped child for
car

   U.S.

Florida woman leads police on hours-long chase through Big Lots ceiling after
allegedly trying to shoplift

   U.S.

Oregon woman catches 'priceless' moment when man breaks into car, is caught
on camera

   World

Ex-Colombian politician imprisoned for buying votes makes jailbreak during
dental appointment

U.S.

     * Crime
     * Military
     * Education
     * Terror
     * Immigration
     * Economy
     * Personal Freedoms
     * Fox News Investigates

World

     * U.N.
     * Conflicts
     * Terrorism
     * Disasters
     * Global Economy
     * Environment
     * Religion
     * Scandals

Opinion

Politics

     * Executive
     * Senate
     * House
     * Judiciary
     * Foreign policy
     * Polls
     * Elections

Entertainment

     * Celebrity News
     * Movies
     * TV News
     * Music News
     * Style News
     * Entertainment Video

Business

     * Markets
     * Politics
     * Technology
     * Features
     * Business Leaders

Lifestyle

     * Food + Drink
     * Cars + Trucks
     * Travel + Outdoors
     * House + Home
     * Fitness + Well-being
     * Style + Beauty
     * Family

Science

     * Archaeology
     * Air & Space
     * Planet Earth
     * Wild Nature
     * Natural Science
     * Dinosaurs

Tech

     * Security
     * Innovation
     * Drones
     * Computers
     * Video Games
     * Military Tech

Health

     * Healthy Living
     * Medical Research
     * Mental Health
     * Cancer
     * Heart Health
     * Children's Health

TV

     * Shows
     * Personalities
     * Watch Live
     * Full Episodes
     * Show Clips
     * News Clips

About

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Fox Around the World
     * Advertise With Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Media Relations
     * Compliance

Other

     * Fox Nation
     * Fox News Shop
     * Fox News Go
     * Fox News Radio
     * Newsletters
     * Alerts
     * Podcasts
     * Apps & Products

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Flipboard
     * Google+
     * Instagram
     * RSS
     * Email

   Fox News
     * Terms of Use
     * Updated Privacy Policy(What's Changed)
     * Closed Captioning Policy
     * Help
     * Contact Us

   This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
   redistributed. ©2019 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All
   market data delayed 20 minutes.
   #FOX News RSS alternate

Fox News

     * U.S.
     * World
     * Opinion
     * Politics
     * Entertainment
     * Business
     * Lifestyle
     * TV
     * Fox Nation
     * Listen
     * More

   Expand / Collapse search
   Login
   Watch TV
   ☰

   Hot Topics
     * McConnell on impeachment
     * Turkey to invade Syria
     * ISIS prison breaks

   Markets
     * SP500
     * I:COMP
     * I:DJI
     * More

   Sponsored by

   ____________________ Search

U.S.

     * Crime
     * Military
     * Education
     * Terror
     * Immigration
     * Economy
     * Personal Freedoms
     * Fox News Investigates

World

     * U.N.
     * Conflicts
     * Terrorism
     * Disasters
     * Global Economy
     * Environment
     * Religion
     * Scandals

Opinion

Politics

     * Executive
     * Senate
     * House
     * Judiciary
     * Foreign policy
     * Polls
     * Elections

Entertainment

     * Celebrity News
     * Movies
     * TV News
     * Music News
     * Style News
     * Entertainment Video

Business

     * Markets
     * Politics
     * Technology
     * Features
     * Business Leaders

Lifestyle

     * Food + Drink
     * Cars + Trucks
     * Travel + Outdoors
     * House + Home
     * Fitness + Well-being
     * Style + Beauty
     * Family

Science

     * Archaeology
     * Air & Space
     * Planet Earth
     * Wild Nature
     * Natural Science
     * Dinosaurs

Tech

     * Security
     * Innovation
     * Drones
     * Computers
     * Video Games
     * Military Tech

Health

     * Healthy Living
     * Medical Research
     * Mental Health
     * Cancer
     * Heart Health
     * Children's Health

TV

     * Shows
     * Personalities
     * Watch Live
     * Full Episodes
     * Show Clips
     * News Clips

About

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Fox Around the World
     * Advertise With Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Media Relations
     * Compliance

Other

     * Fox Nation
     * Fox News Shop
     * Fox News Go
     * Fox News Radio
     * Newsletters
     * Alerts
     * Podcasts
     * Apps & Products

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Google+
     * Instagram
     * RSS
     * Email

   Fox News
     * Terms of Use
     * Updated Privacy Policy(What's Changed)
     * Closed Captioning Policy
     * Help
     * Contact Us

   This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
   redistributed. ©2019 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All
   market data delayed 20 minutes.

   Fox News
   PreviewOn
   Switch preview on/off
   On Now

Exclusive Clips

   WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital
   Trade Agreement Live NowLive

WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital Trade
Agreement

   Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA
   4:50

   outnumbered overtime

Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA

   Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have
   significant implications' 4:47

   America's Newsroom

Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have significant
implications'

   Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump 6:08

   America's Newsroom

Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump

   IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US
   abandoning its allies 3:30

   America's Newsroom

IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US abandoning
its allies

   Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs
   all the way to the bank 1:04

Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs all
the way to the bank

   Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs.
   Sen. Johnson 6:06

   Fox & Friends

Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs. Sen.
Johnson

   Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
   whistleblower 5:17

   Fox & Friends First

Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
whistleblower

   Show More

   President Trump granted reprieve on tax return case after federal
   judge’s blistering ruling
   DOCUMENT DRAMA

President Trump granted reprieve on tax return case after federal judge’s
blistering ruling

     * House Dems subpoena Pentagon, White House budget office in
       impeachment inquiry
     * McConnell ad telegraphs plan to protect Trump against Pelosi in
       impeachment fight

   STEVE HILTON: What no one has been reporting about the Trump-Ukraine
   case
   'OBSESSION WITH SCANDAL'

STEVE HILTON: What no one has been reporting about the Trump-Ukraine case

     * Gen. Jack Keane: Trump's Syria withdrawal is a 'betrayal' and would
       be a 'strategic blunder'
     * IG could not explain 18-day window between Ukraine call and
       whistleblower complaint: sources

   Clarence Thomas absent as Supreme Court begins new term
   WHERE’S THE JUSTICE?

Clarence Thomas absent as Supreme Court begins new term

     * Chief Justice Roberts says Supreme Court nonpartisan
     * Supreme Court kicks off election-year agenda with hot-button
       immigration, guns and abortion cases

   In-N-Out president, heiress explains those Bible verses on packaging
   FAITH AND FRIES

In-N-Out president, heiress explains those Bible verses on packaging

   ʼJeopardy!ʼ host hints he may need to leave show over cancer battle
   SAD REVELATION

'Jeopardy!' host hints he may need to leave show over cancer battle

   Fox News
   PreviewOn
   Switch preview on/off
   On Now

Exclusive Clips

   WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital
   Trade Agreement Live NowLive

WATCH: Trump signs the US-Japan Trade Agreement and US-Japan Digital Trade
Agreement

   Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA
   4:50

   outnumbered overtime

Andy McCarthy on whistleblower protections, trustworthiness of FBI, CIA

   Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have
   significant implications' 4:47

   America's Newsroom

Keane: 'Betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will have significant
implications'

   Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump 6:08

   America's Newsroom

Sanford on impeachment inquiry, primary challenge to Trump

   IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US
   abandoning its allies 3:30

   America's Newsroom

IAVA CEO says Syria troop withdrawal risks sending signal of US abandoning
its allies

   Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs
   all the way to the bank 1:04

Talks go downhill in the GM auto workers labor dispute; 'Joker' laughs all
the way to the bank

   Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs.
   Sen. Johnson 6:06

   Fox & Friends

Bongino reacts to second Ukraine whistleblower, NBC's Chuck Todd vs. Sen.
Johnson

   Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
   whistleblower 5:17

   Fox & Friends First

Impeachment manager during Clinton presidency on reports of second
whistleblower

   Show More

   ‘Diff’rent Strokes’ actor’s estranged wife gets restraining order

   Entertainment

‘Diff’rent Strokes’ actor’s estranged wife gets restraining order

   Liz Warren’s new plan would bar federal judges from doing this
   BANNED ON THE BENCH

   Politics

Liz Warren’s new plan would bar federal judges from doing this

   School shooting hero now officially a Marine

   U.S.

School shooting hero now officially a Marine

   SEE IT: Putin’s birthday hike includes usual staged photos

   World

SEE IT: Putin’s birthday hike includes usual staged photos

   Incognito seen pushing opponentʼs head into dirt after play

   Sports

Incognito seen pushing opponent's head into dirt after play

   DHS boss booed off stage at college immigration conference

   Politics

DHS boss booed off stage at college immigration conference

   New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers
   deadly stabbing of Catholic teacher

   US

New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers deadly
stabbing of Catholic teacher

   Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
   ʼstrangers in our countryʼ

   world

Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
'strangers in our country'

   Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   US

Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   Who is the pastor preaching at Kanye Westʼs Sunday Service?

   Faith & Values

Who is the pastor preaching at Kanye West's Sunday Service?

   Dallas police seeking suspects accused of stealing more than $3G worth
   of gas

   US

Dallas police seeking suspects accused of stealing more than $3G worth of gas

   ‘Zombie deer’ run amok in Nevada, may put people at risk
   UNHEALTHY HERD

   Science

‘Zombie deer’ run amok in Nevada, may put people at risk

   Ancient ʼNew Yorkʼ discovered in Israel

   Science

Ancient 'New York' discovered in Israel

   ʼTowing disputeʼ leads to death of tow company employee: police

   U.S.

'Towing dispute' leads to death of tow company employee: police

   Courteney Cox-Kelly Cuoco selfie sends Internet into frenzy
   FANS’ FRIENDS THEORY

   Entertainment

Courteney Cox-Kelly Cuoco selfie sends Internet into frenzy

   Tennessee Volunteers dismiss Jeremy Banks after video of second
   incident surfaces

   Sports

Tennessee Volunteers dismiss Jeremy Banks after video of second incident
surfaces

   Colorado woman charged by 2 moose during hike

   U.S.

Colorado woman charged by 2 moose during hike

   Womanʼs Halloween rant shaming neighbors about candy quality goes
   viral: ʼIt has to stopʼ

   Food & Drink

Woman's Halloween rant shaming neighbors about candy quality goes viral: 'It
has to stop'

Fox Nation

   Join Now

   What role did the Battle of King’s Mountain play in the Revolutionary
   War?

   THIS DAY IN AMERICAN HISTORY

What role did the Battle of King’s Mountain play in the Revolutionary War?

   Show More

Fox News Flash

   [fox-news-flash.jpg]

Bongino: Chuck Todd should quit news biz after interview of Johnson

   FOX & FRIENDS

Mark Sanford on Hunter Biden's Ukraine dealings: It's the 'proverbial swamp'
at work

   AMERICA'S NEWSROOM

McCarthy pushes back on Democrats' impeachment agenda and calls out Schiff

   FOX & FRIENDS

Eric Trump: Bias of mainstream media poses a 'danger' to the country

   FOX & FRIENDS

Mollie Hemingway: Media ignores another Biden scandal

   FOX & FRIENDS

Opinion

Dems' strategy of personal destruction against Trump began with Brett
Kavanaugh

   By Thom Tillis
   Thom Tillis

We have fought many wars as a country but now we are engaged in a battle for
our soul

   By Jackie Gingrich Cushman
   Jackie Gingrich Cushman

Bozell & Graham: Liberals and banned books -- What's 'hate speech' and who
decides?

   By L. Brent Bozell III
   L. Brent Bozell III

We must be fearless when teaching our kids about dangers of socialism

   By Rachel Campos-Duffy
   Rachel Campos-Duffy

Panicky Dems beg Michelle Obama to run -- But would she win?

   By Liz Peek
   Liz Peek

‘Groundhog Day’ Dems and media keep spinning same anti-Trump narrative

   By Michael Goodwin
   Michael Goodwin

   Show More
   Podcast
   Fox News Rundown


   Podcast Logo
   Play / Pause
    /
   Volume

Get the best of Fox News delivered to your inbox daily

   Enter email address ____________________
   Sign Up
   We've added you to our mailing list.
   Close
   Your email address was not valid.
   Close

Features & Faces

   Mom praised for response to Costco customer
   Mom praised for response to Costco customer

   WATCH: Gender reveal goes hilariously wrong
   WATCH: Gender reveal goes hilariously wrong

   Hurley's royal connection
   Hurley's royal connection

   Ward teases 'more taboo' porn stuff
   Ward teases 'more taboo' porn stuff

   The truth comes out
   The truth comes out

   Paulina: Death was complete 'shock'
   Paulina: Death was complete 'shock'

   King of diesel trucks?
   King of diesel trucks?

   Air Force’s big bomber plan
   Air Force’s big bomber plan

   Woolly mammoth surprise
   Woolly mammoth surprise

   Asteroid strike had 'global consequences'
   Asteroid strike had 'global consequences'

   Miley's romance heats up
   Miley's romance heats up

   Chen mourns death of 'Big Brother' star
   Chen mourns death of 'Big Brother' star

   Winkler, Hanks feuding since 1989
   Winkler, Hanks feuding since 1989

   Country duo's surprising love story
   Country duo's surprising love story

   Coco: I CAN be sexy
   Coco: I CAN be sexy

   Here's how to get one free
   Here's how to get one free
   Previous
   Next

Proud American

   View All

   Doomed WWII warship reveals its secrets: How ʼthe lucky 13ʼ survived
   the sinking of the USS Eagle

   Science

Doomed WWII warship reveals its secrets: How 'the lucky 13' survived the
sinking of the USS Eagle

   Opinion

Jackie Gingrich Cushman: We have fought many wars as a country but now we are
engaged in a battle for our soul

   Science

D-Day discovery: Original of reporter's famous wartime recording found in
Long Island basement

   01:49Video

Scars and Stripes Coffee empowers veterans to start their own businesses

   02:47Video

Job Creators Network works to educate others on others on problems with
socialism

   02:27Video

High school student stops to salute flag after hearing National Anthem

Fox News Flash

   View All

   Kilmeade on Trump pulling US troops out of Syria: Weʼll be ʼright back
   thereʼ to fight ISIS

   Media

Kilmeade on Trump pulling US troops out of Syria: We'll be 'right back there'
to fight ISIS

   Media

Gen. Jack Keane: Trump's Syria withdrawal is a 'betrayal' and would be a
'strategic blunder'

   Media

Mark Sanford on Hunter Biden's Ukraine dealings: It's the 'proverbial swamp'
at work

   Media

Former CIA officer questions whether second whistleblower also has political
bias

   Media

Sen. Graham warns Syria withdrawal would be 'big win for ISIS,' compares
Trump's strategy to Obama

   Media

House Minority Leader McCarthy pushes back on Democrats' impeachment agenda
and calls out Adam Schiff

Politics

   View All

   Volker steps down from McCain Institute post as impeachment cloud
   causes ʼdistractionʼ

   Politics

Volker steps down from McCain Institute post as impeachment cloud causes
'distraction'

   Politics

IG could not explain 18-day window between Ukraine call and whistleblower
complaint: sources

   Politics

House Dems subpoena Pentagon, White House budget office in impeachment
inquiry

   Politics

Jimmy Carter builds Habitat for Humanity home in Tennessee despite black eye,
stitches from fall

   Politics

Clarence Thomas absent 'due to illness' as Supreme Court begins new term

   Politics

Biden still slidin’

U.S.

   View All

   Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers deadly
stabbing of Catholic teacher

   U.S.

Dallas police seeking 2 men accused of stealing more than $3G worth of gas

   U.S.

Colorado school shooting hero now officially a Marine

   U.S.

American WWII pilot to get full military burial at Arlington decades after
Papua New Guinea crash

   U.S.

Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana highway

World

   View All

   Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
   ʼstrangers in our countryʼ

   World

Iraq protests descend into bloodshed as activists say Iran making them
'strangers in our country'

   World

Climate protests in Europe result in more than 250 arrests, criticism from
German official

   Faith & Values

90 million Christians and Jews pray for Jerusalem peace in global event
featuring US ambassador to Israel

   Politics

House Dems subpoena Pentagon, White House budget office in impeachment
inquiry

   Media

Gen. Jack Keane: Trump's Syria withdrawal is a 'betrayal' and would be a
'strategic blunder'

   World

Russian President Vladimir Putin’s birthday hike includes usual staged
photos, though he keeps his shirt on

Opinion

   View All

   Sen. Thom Tillis: Demsʼ strategy of personal destruction against Trump
   began with Brett Kavanaugh

   Opinion

Sen. Thom Tillis: Dems' strategy of personal destruction against Trump began
with Brett Kavanaugh

   Opinion

Steve Hilton: What no one has been reporting about the Trump-Ukraine
impeachment saga

   Opinion

Jackie Gingrich Cushman: We have fought many wars as a country but now we are
engaged in a battle for our soul

   Opinion

Bozell & Graham: Liberals and banned books -- What's 'hate speech' and who
decides?

   Opinion

Michael Goodwin: ‘Groundhog Day’ Dems and media keep spinning same anti-Trump
narrative

   Opinion

Steve Moore: Democrats are wrong. Middle-class incomes surging – thanks to
Trump policies

Family

   View All

   Mike Fisher, Carrie Underwoodʼs husband, on faith, family, and
   ʼCatchinʼ Deersʼ

   Faith & Values

Mike Fisher, Carrie Underwood's husband, on faith, family, and 'Catchin'
Deers'

   Opinion

Sharon Jaynes: What are you saying to yourself about your spouse?

   Opinion

Paul Batura: Why an Irish-Polish guy like me celebrates Hispanic Heritage
Month every day of the year

   Faith & Values

Dominican Republic doctor helps impoverished community he grew up in: 'God
answered my prayers'

   Entertainment

Terri Irwin 'proud' of Bindi, Robert carrying on late father Steve's animal
legacy

   Entertainment

Jada Pinkett Smith reveals Will Smith marriage is only recently feeling like
an 'adult relationship'

Entertainment

   View All

   ʼWalking Deadʼ actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Hilarie Burton get married
   in secret after 10 years together

   Entertainment

'Walking Dead' actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Hilarie Burton get married in
secret after 10 years together

   Entertainment

'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek may leave show over cancer battle

   Entertainment

Tim McGraw, Faith Hill celebrate 23rd wedding anniversary with adorable
throwback photo

   Entertainment

'Diff'rent Strokes' actor Danny Cooksey's estranged wife gets restraining
order after jealous behavior: report

   Entertainment

Prince Harry, Meghan Markle reunite with Prince William, Kate Middleton for
mental health PSA

   Entertainment

Elizabeth Hurley met Meghan Markle before Prince Harry did: 'She was
fantastic'

What to Watch

   View All

   Joe Biden unveils new strategy to deal with growing Ukraine controversy

   03:16outnumbered overtime

Joe Biden unveils new strategy to deal with growing Ukraine controversy

   02:24outnumbered

Anti-Trump celebrities unite for 'Impeachment Task Force'

   03:23

Sources: Initial whistleblower did not disclose contact with Intelligence
Committee to inspector general

   02:13

NBA under fire after Rockets GM tweets support for Hong Kong

   04:47America's Newsroom

Gen. Jack Keane says 'betrayal' of Kurds is a 'strategic blunder that will
have significant implications'

   00:33

Jimmy Carter attends charity event hours after fall that required 14 stitches

The Forefront of Innovation

   View All

   Air Force bomber plan: B-2, B-52 and B-1 to fly into 2040

   Tech

Air Force bomber plan: B-2, B-52 and B-1 to fly into 2040

   Science

NASA is ready to test its first all-electric experimental X-plane: 'A
significant event'

   Tech

How artificial intelligence is transforming the global battle against human
trafficking

   Tech

New Air Force Research Lab strategy fast-tracks weapons

   Tech

5G is a groundbreaking new technology (or is it?)

   Tech

Army builds new body armor 14-times stronger in the face of enemy fire

Sports

   View All

   Deshaun Watsonʼs early fumble, scramble for first down an indicator of
   Houston Texansʼ day

   Sports

Deshaun Watson's early fumble, scramble for first down an indicator of
Houston Texans' day

   Sports

St. Louis Cardinals' Carlos Martinez caught blowing kiss to Atlanta Braves
baserunner

   Sports

Oakland Raiders' Richie Incognito seen pushing opponent's head into dirt
after play

   Sports

Ex-Buffalo Bills linebacker arrested for allegedly pulling gun on teens
playing ding-dong ditch, police say

   Sports

Vontaze Burfict being singled out by NFL with season-long suspension, Raiders
linebacker's agent says

   Sports

Oklahoma Sooners kicker investigated for allegedly assaulting girlfriend,
report says

Technology

   View All

   Tim McGraw, Faith Hill celebrate 23rd wedding anniversary with adorable
   throwback photo

   Entertainment

Tim McGraw, Faith Hill celebrate 23rd wedding anniversary with adorable
throwback photo

   U.S.

Colorado school shooting hero now officially a Marine

   Tech

Air Force bomber plan: B-2, B-52 and B-1 to fly into 2040

   U.S.

Uber driver in coma after suffering heart attack because of knife-wielding
passenger, wife says

   U.S.

Texas company removes murder suspect's GPS monitor due to unpaid fees without
telling authorities: officials

   Science

NASA unveils 3D map of the moon

Faith & Values

   View All

   In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith,
   explains those Bible verses on packaging

   Food & Drink

In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith, explains
those Bible verses on packaging

   Faith & Values

Who is Kanye West's California pastor preaching at Sunday Service?

   Faith & Values

Mike Fisher, Carrie Underwood's husband, on faith, family, and 'Catchin'
Deers'

   Opinion

Sharon Jaynes: What are you saying to yourself about your spouse?

   Opinion

Paul Batura: Why an Irish-Polish guy like me celebrates Hispanic Heritage
Month every day of the year

   Opinion

Joshua Rogers: Families in pain deliver powerful courtroom lessons in
forgiveness

Autos

   View All

   The 2020 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel can tow 6 tons and get 32 mpg

   Cars + Trucks

The 2020 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel can tow 6 tons and get 32 mpg

   Cars + Trucks

Bear cubs stuck in van freed after honking horn

   Cars + Trucks

Kyle Larson wins NASCAR's Monster Mile in Dover

   Cars + Trucks

Teslas will soon make fart and animal sounds, Musk tweets

   Cars + Trucks

Lincoln increasing production of $115G Continental with 'suicide' doors for
2020

   Cars + Trucks

AAA test finds some automotive pedestrian detection systems don't work at
night and need improvement

Business Leaders

   View All

   Las Vegas gambler’s insider trading appeal rejected by US Supreme Court

   Money

Las Vegas gambler’s insider trading appeal rejected by US Supreme Court

   Money

Judge denies Trump's tax return suit against Manhattan DA; President appeals
decision

   Markets

Unilever vows to slash plastic use

   Money

Hedge fund manager vows to fight ‘opportunistic’ New York over $526K vacation
home tax bill

   Technology

Ex-billionaire Elizabeth Holmes can't pay lawyers defending her in Theranos
fraud claim

   Money

Chuck DeVore: Carl Icahn is leaving New York for Florida. (At age 83!) Why
now? Here's my theory

Travel + Outdoors

   View All

   Florida wildlife officials capture 18-foot, 98-pound Burmese python

   Science

Florida wildlife officials capture 18-foot, 98-pound Burmese python

   U.S.

Oklahoma woman in pickup shot in thigh by Labrador puppy

   Media

Las Vegas shooting survivor undergoes 11th surgery, reacts to $800 million
settlement for victims

   Great Outdoors

Florida fisherman catches enormous tarpon from shore with help from drone:
'People were freaking out'

   Great Outdoors

Brown bear photo-bombs 'oblivious' fishermen in wildlife photographer's photo

   Great Outdoors

Alaska’s Katmai National Park & Reserve kicks off annual 'Fat Bear Week'

Food + Drink

   View All

   In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith,
   explains those Bible verses on packaging

   Food & Drink

In-N-Out president and heiress Lynsi Snyder opens up about faith, explains
those Bible verses on packaging

   U.S.

Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana highway

   Food & Drink

Woman's Halloween rant shaming neighbors about candy quality goes viral: 'It
has to stop'

   Food & Drink

'Ghostbusters' Halloween decorations at Pennsylvania restaurant earn praise:
'Whole town is talking about it'

   Food & Drink

Starbucks customer with nut allergy sues after served coffee with almond milk

   Food & Drink

Krispy Kreme debuts new Halloween-themed doughnuts

House + Home

   View All

   Price of General Robert E. Leeʼs boyhood home slashed to $5.6 million

   Real Estate

Price of General Robert E. Lee's boyhood home slashed to $5.6 million

   Real Estate

'Legally' haunted New York home back on the market

   Real Estate

San Francisco’s least expensive home still costs $600G

   Real Estate

San Francisco's most expensive listing gets $4.5-million cut from $45 million
asking price

   Real Estate

Private island north of Manhattan for sale is surprisingly affordable

   Politics

Obamas placed an offer on 'mega-expensive' estate in Martha's Vineyard:
report

Fitness + Well-being

   View All

   Pregnant model Ashley Graham praised for sharing intense workout
   session on Instagram

   Lifestyle

Pregnant model Ashley Graham praised for sharing intense workout session on
Instagram

   Lifestyle

61-year-old woman claims she feels better now than in her 30s, shares secrets
to looking young

   Lifestyle

Fitness expert jailed for threatening her rivals on Instagram: 'Gonna rain
fire down on your world'

   Lifestyle

Millennials have less than 7 hours of relaxation time per week, survey claims

   Great Outdoors

Jogger rescues deer from fence twice: 'Your a-- better not get stuck again!'

   Entertainment

Alex Trebek has Dr. Oz in his corner as 'Jeopardy' host battles pancreatic
cancer

Style + Beauty

   View All

   Momʼs viral Facebook post explains why hair scrunchies are ʼsecretʼ
   sign of middle school romance

   Lifestyle

Mom's viral Facebook post explains why hair scrunchies are 'secret' sign of
middle school romance

   Lifestyle

'Golden Girls' Halloween costumes sell out at Target

   Lifestyle

Erin Andrews debuts WEAR clothing line of 'basics' featuring subtle nods to
NFL teams

   Lifestyle

Underwear thieves stole $4,200 worth of Victoria’s Secret panties in New
Jersey, police say

   Entertainment

Gigi Hadid and Tyler Cameron are splitsville, report says

   Lifestyle

College admissions scandal gets a sexy Halloween costume

Health

   View All

   3 NICU babies die after contracting bacterial infection in Pennsylvania
   hospital

   Health

3 NICU babies die after contracting bacterial infection in Pennsylvania
hospital

   Health

CDC: 1,250 measles cases recorded in US since Jan. 1

   Health

Teacher penned own obituary before cancer death, told friends to 'let go of
the insignificant things'

   Health

Groom rushed into brain surgery on would-be wedding day

   Health

Michigan boy, 12, burned in 'fire challenge' game, mom says

   Health

Parasite in freshwater snails likely caused man's calcified bladder

Personal Finance

   View All

   How this flavored water is making a splash in the competitive soft
   drink industry

   Lifestyle

How this flavored water is making a splash in the competitive soft drink
industry

   Money

These veteran job programs help military members transition into the
workplace after service

   Money

Judge denies Trump's tax return suit against Manhattan DA; President appeals
decision

   Money

College loans: When is it good to go in the red for higher education?

   Money

Hedge fund manager vows to fight ‘opportunistic’ New York over $526K vacation
home tax bill

   Money

IRS audits more poor taxpayers because it's easier, cheaper than targeting
the rich

Good News

   View All

   Jimmy Carter builds Habitat for Humanity home in Tennessee despite
   black eye, stitches from fall

   Politics

Jimmy Carter builds Habitat for Humanity home in Tennessee despite black eye,
stitches from fall

   Politics

Jimmy Carter recovering after fall at Georgia home, requiring stitches

   U.S.

California 'team of junior detectives' help find missing 97-year-old woman
with dementia

   Faith & Values

Dominican Republic doctor helps impoverished community he grew up in: 'God
answered my prayers'

   Health

Pediatric cancer survivor donates thousands of toys to hospital to celebrate
birthday

   Faith & Values

Five feel-good stories from this week you don't want to miss

Full Episodes

   View All

   Outnumbered - Monday, October 7

   37:53Video

Outnumbered - Monday, October 7

   39:43

Life, Liberty, & Levin - Sunday, October 6

   47:33

Fox News Sunday - Sunday, October 6

   40:31

The Next Revolution w/ Steve Hilton - Sunday, October 6

   39:44

Journal Editorial Report - Sunday, October 6

   40:34

Media Buzz - Sunday, October 6

Fox News Salutes

   View All

   Medal of Honor museum will be in Arlington, Texas

   04:13Video

Medal of Honor museum will be in Arlington, Texas

   Media

'It was really overwhelming': Thousands attend funeral of veteran who had no
family

   U.S.

Former veterans charity leader sentenced to year in prison for stealing $900G

   U.S.

Many veterans fuming over nationwide smoking ban on VA facilities grounds

   U.S.

Purple Heart recipient dies after saving granddaughter, 3, from Oklahoma
house explosion

   Entertainment

Toby Keith presents veteran, who lost legs in Afghanistan, with special
wheelchair

Crime

   View All

   Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

Alabama mom charged with murder in death of infant left in car: police

   U.S.

New Jersey man sentenced to 8 years after pigeon dispute triggers deadly
stabbing of Catholic teacher

   Sports

Ex-Buffalo Bills linebacker arrested for allegedly pulling gun on teens
playing ding-dong ditch, police say

   U.S.

Maryland 'towing dispute' leads to death of tow company employee, police say

   U.S.

Uber driver in coma after suffering heart attack because of knife-wielding
passenger, wife says

   U.S.

Massachusetts nursing home resident, 76, dies after assault by roommate, 83,
officials say

Odd News

   View All

   Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana
   highway

   U.S.

Truck carrying 38,000 lbs of frozen bagels catches fire on Indiana highway

   U.S.

Texas company removes murder suspect's GPS monitor due to unpaid fees without
telling authorities: officials

   U.S.

North Carolina mom, 2 others arrested after they allegedly swapped child for
car

   U.S.

Florida woman leads police on hours-long chase through Big Lots ceiling after
allegedly trying to shoplift

   U.S.

Oregon woman catches 'priceless' moment when man breaks into car, is caught
on camera

   World

Ex-Colombian politician imprisoned for buying votes makes jailbreak during
dental appointment

U.S.

     * Crime
     * Military
     * Education
     * Terror
     * Immigration
     * Economy
     * Personal Freedoms
     * Fox News Investigates

World

     * U.N.
     * Conflicts
     * Terrorism
     * Disasters
     * Global Economy
     * Environment
     * Religion
     * Scandals

Opinion

Politics

     * Executive
     * Senate
     * House
     * Judiciary
     * Foreign policy
     * Polls
     * Elections

Entertainment

     * Celebrity News
     * Movies
     * TV News
     * Music News
     * Style News
     * Entertainment Video

Business

     * Markets
     * Politics
     * Technology
     * Features
     * Business Leaders

Lifestyle

     * Food + Drink
     * Cars + Trucks
     * Travel + Outdoors
     * House + Home
     * Fitness + Well-being
     * Style + Beauty
     * Family

Science

     * Archaeology
     * Air & Space
     * Planet Earth
     * Wild Nature
     * Natural Science
     * Dinosaurs

Tech

     * Security
     * Innovation
     * Drones
     * Computers
     * Video Games
     * Military Tech

Health

     * Healthy Living
     * Medical Research
     * Mental Health
     * Cancer
     * Heart Health
     * Children's Health

TV

     * Shows
     * Personalities
     * Watch Live
     * Full Episodes
     * Show Clips
     * News Clips

About

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Fox Around the World
     * Advertise With Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Media Relations
     * Compliance

Other

     * Fox Nation
     * Fox News Shop
     * Fox News Go
     * Fox News Radio
     * Newsletters
     * Alerts
     * Podcasts
     * Apps & Products

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Flipboard
     * Google+
     * Instagram
     * RSS
     * Email

   Fox News
     * Terms of Use
     * Updated Privacy Policy(What's Changed)
     * Closed Captioning Policy
     * Help
     * Contact Us

   This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
   redistributed. ©2019 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All
   market data delayed 20 minutes.
   #FOX News RSS alternate

Fox News

     * U.S.
     * World
     * Opinion
     * Politics
     * Entertainment
     * Business
     * Lifestyle
     * TV
     * Fox Nation
     * Listen
     * More

   Expand / Collapse search
   Login
   Watch TV
   ☰

   Hot Topics
     * Taliban free hostages
     * Conflicting Ukraine stories
     * Stunning Epstein revelation

   Markets
     * SP500
     * I:COMP
     * I:DJI
     * More

   Sponsored by

   ____________________ Search

U.S.

     * Crime
     * Military
     * Education
     * Terror
     * Immigration
     * Economy
     * Personal Freedoms
     * Fox News Investigates

World

     * U.N.
     * Conflicts
     * Terrorism
     * Disasters
     * Global Economy
     * Environment
     * Religion
     * Scandals

Opinion

Politics

     * Executive
     * Senate
     * House
     * Judiciary
     * Foreign policy
     * Polls
     * Elections

Entertainment

     * Celebrity News
     * Movies
     * TV News
     * Music News
     * Style News
     * Entertainment Video

Business

     * Markets
     * Politics
     * Technology
     * Features
     * Business Leaders

Lifestyle

     * Food + Drink
     * Cars + Trucks
     * Travel + Outdoors
     * House + Home
     * Fitness + Well-being
     * Style + Beauty
     * Family

Science

     * Archaeology
     * Air & Space
     * Planet Earth
     * Wild Nature
     * Natural Science
     * Dinosaurs

Tech

     * Security
     * Innovation
     * Drones
     * Computers
     * Video Games
     * Military Tech

Health

     * Healthy Living
     * Medical Research
     * Mental Health
     * Cancer
     * Heart Health
     * Children's Health

TV

     * Shows
     * Personalities
     * Watch Live
     * Full Episodes
     * Show Clips
     * News Clips

About

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Fox Around the World
     * Advertise With Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Media Relations
     * Compliance
     * Supplier Diversity

Other

     * Fox Nation
     * Fox News Shop
     * Fox News Go
     * Fox News Radio
     * Newsletters
     * Alerts
     * Podcasts
     * Apps & Products

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Google+
     * Instagram
     * RSS
     * Email

   Fox News
     * Terms of Use
     * Updated Privacy Policy(What's Changed)
     * Closed Captioning Policy
     * Help
     * Contact Us

   This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
   redistributed. ©2019 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All
   market data delayed 20 minutes.

   Fox News
   PreviewOn
   Switch preview on/off
   On Now

Exclusive Clips

   Veteran who went to Yale sounds alarm on Anti-American sentiment at
   elite colleges 4:13

   Fox & Friends

Veteran who went to Yale sounds alarm on Anti-American sentiment at elite
colleges

   Police union hits back after Bloomberg apologizes for stop-and-frisk
   4:05

   Fox & Friends First

Police union hits back after Bloomberg apologizes for stop-and-frisk

   Tucker: Giuliani, Bloomberg dramatically lowered NYC crime 5:22

   tucker carlson tonight

Tucker: Giuliani, Bloomberg dramatically lowered NYC crime

   Rep. Kevin McCarthy probes ABC dropping Jeffrey Epstein story 5:14

   hannity

Rep. Kevin McCarthy probes ABC dropping Jeffrey Epstein story

   Gingrich: Democrats have pathological need to destroy Trump 5:09

   hannity

Gingrich: Democrats have pathological need to destroy Trump

   Ex-police commissioner: People forget how effective stop-and-frisk was
   3:40

   tucker carlson tonight

Ex-police commissioner: People forget how effective stop-and-frisk was

   Media, Feds harsher on Roger Stone than Jeffrey Epstein 3:50

   tucker carlson tonight

Media, Feds harsher on Roger Stone than Jeffrey Epstein

   Brit Hume previews week 2 of public hearings in impeachment inquiry
   3:04

   special report

Brit Hume previews week 2 of public hearings in impeachment inquiry

   Show More

   DOJ docs show ex-FBI agent kept sensitive FBI info - and texts to lover
   - on phone accessed by wife
   DUMB STRZOK?

DOJ docs show ex-FBI agent kept sensitive FBI info - and texts to lover - on
phone accessed by wife

     * GOP Rep. unloads on Strzok: 'How many times did you look so
       innocent into your wife's eyes and lie to her?'
     * GOP reveals new Strzok texts concerning 'crescendo of leaks,'
       demands watchdog investigate

   JASON CHAFFETZ: Tlaib’s money issues test Dem claim ‘no one above the
   law’
   EMAILS AND ETHICS

JASON CHAFFETZ: Tlaib’s money issues test Dem claim ‘no one above the law’

     * Democrats forge on with impeachment despite testimony
       contradictions
     * MEDIA BUZZ: Trump teases impeachment testimony amid scandal fatigue

   Newt tells Hannity what Pelosi and Schiff are doing in impeachment
   'THEATER OF HATE'

Newt tells Hannity what Pelosi and Schiff are doing in impeachment

     * Official's testimony on Trump-Ukraine call conflicts with top
       diplomat's story
     * ANDREW MCCARTHY: Trump impeachment inquiry obstructed by Dems'
       'whistleblower' secrecy charade

   Ohio family with sick infant targeted by cruel ‘Darwinism’ signs:
   report
   'LET THE BABY DIE'

Ohio family with sick infant targeted by cruel ‘Darwinism’ signs: report

   Goodell details how Myles Garrett can get suspension reduced
   ON FURTHER REVIEW

Goodell details how Myles Garrett can get suspension reduced

   Fox News
   PreviewOn
   Switch preview on/off
   On Now

Exclusive Clips

   Veteran who went to Yale sounds alarm on Anti-American sentiment at
   elite colleges 4:13

   Fox & Friends

Veteran who went to Yale sounds alarm on Anti-American sentiment at elite
colleges

   Police union hits back after Bloomberg apologizes for stop-and-frisk
   4:05

   Fox & Friends First

Police union hits back after Bloomberg apologizes for stop-and-frisk

   Tucker: Giuliani, Bloomberg dramatically lowered NYC crime 5:22

   tucker carlson tonight

Tucker: Giuliani, Bloomberg dramatically lowered NYC crime

   Rep. Kevin McCarthy probes ABC dropping Jeffrey Epstein story 5:14

   hannity

Rep. Kevin McCarthy probes ABC dropping Jeffrey Epstein story

   Gingrich: Democrats have pathological need to destroy Trump 5:09

   hannity

Gingrich: Democrats have pathological need to destroy Trump

   Ex-police commissioner: People forget how effective stop-and-frisk was
   3:40

   tucker carlson tonight

Ex-police commissioner: People forget how effective stop-and-frisk was

   Media, Feds harsher on Roger Stone than Jeffrey Epstein 3:50

   tucker carlson tonight

Media, Feds harsher on Roger Stone than Jeffrey Epstein

   Brit Hume previews week 2 of public hearings in impeachment inquiry
   3:04

   special report

Brit Hume previews week 2 of public hearings in impeachment inquiry

   Show More

   Hannity: What Adam Schiffʼs impeachment show trial is really about
   Video1:18

Hannity: What Adam Schiff's impeachment show trial is really about

   MMA fighter, 26, dies after suffering brain injury during match

   Sports

MMA fighter, 26, dies after suffering brain injury during match

   Home Depot sales miss, shares plunge

   Markets

Home Depot sales miss, shares plunge

   Gregg Jarrett: The ʼresistanceʼ on steroids Video1:39

Gregg Jarrett: The 'resistance' on steroids

   West Virginia father marries one of his daughters after murdering her
   boyfriend: police

   U.S.

West Virginia father marries one of his daughters after murdering her
boyfriend: police

   5 stars who have had breast implants removed after health scares

   Entertainment

5 stars who have had breast implants removed after health scares

   Calif. man says fire destroyed 500-pound emerald, utility wants to talk
   QUESTIONABLE CLAIM

   U.S.

Calif. man says fire destroyed 500-pound emerald, utility wants to talk

   Taliban free American, Australian hostages after more than 3 years in
   captivity
   HOMEWARD BOUND

   World

Taliban free American, Australian hostages after more than 3 years in
captivity

   Calif. woman left paralyzed after Las Vegas massacre dies two years
   later
   DEATH TOLL RISES

   U.S.

Calif. woman left paralyzed after Las Vegas massacre dies two years later

   ʼMeth. Weʼre on itʼ campaign rolls out in South Dakota
   ‘WHAT COULD GO WRONG?’

   U.S.

'Meth. We're on it' campaign rolls out in South Dakota

   Astros World Series DVD may show teamʼs alleged cheating setup

   Sports

Astros World Series DVD may show team's alleged cheating setup

   Epstein accuser: I sat in Clintonʼs seat on jet, saw bedroom floor made
   of mattress
   STUNNING REVELATION

   U.S.

Epstein accuser: I sat in Clinton's seat on jet, saw bedroom floor made of
mattress

   Sophia Loren recalls striptease scene: ʼIt makes me happyʼ

   Entertainment

Sophia Loren recalls striptease scene: 'It makes me happy'

   Popular fast-food chain stops donations to these 2 groups
   CHICK-FIL-A SURPRISE

   Food & Drink

Popular fast-food chain stops donations to these 2 groups

   Gronkowski will be in Miami for Super Bowl

   Sports

Gronkowski will be in Miami for Super Bowl

   Thanksgiving dinner gets hipster overhaul

   Lifestyle

Thanksgiving dinner gets hipster overhaul

   Wendyʼs founder once apologized to daughter for naming chain after her

   Food & Drink

Wendy's founder once apologized to daughter for naming chain after her

   DMV workers accused of taking bribes to allow man to skip long lines,
   SC officials say

   U.S.

DMV workers accused of taking bribes to allow man to skip long lines, SC
officials say

   Hong Kong showdown: 100 protesters surrounded by police at university

   World

Hong Kong showdown: 100 protesters surrounded by police at university

   Four rockets fired into Israel from Syria intercepted by Iron Dome

   World

Four rockets fired into Israel from Syria intercepted by Iron Dome

Fox Nation

   Join Now

   Hear Caroline Johnson’s first-hand account of being a woman aviator

   CELEBRATE AMERICAN PATRIOTS MONTH

Hear Caroline Johnson’s first-hand account of being a woman aviator

   Show More

Fox News Flash

Veteran speaks out on military receiving 'cold' treatment on college campuses

   Media

Republican lawmaker says Dems can 'only cry wolf so many times' on
impeachment

   THE INGRAHAM ANGLE

Mark Levin: Founding Fathers had 'grave concerns' House would go 'rogue' with
impeachment

   Media

Huckabee: Dems 'chasing rainbows' with impeachment, Trump headed for victory

   Media

Impeachment topics have Juan Williams and Judge Jeanine at odds

   the five

Opinion

Democrats want to scrap the Electoral College. So why don't they ditch
primaries, too?

   By David Avella
   David Avella

Democrats deny Trump due process in impeachment push

   By Thom Tillis
   Thom Tillis

Trump may hope Schiff's impeachment carnival never stops

   By Gregg Jarrett
   Gregg Jarrett

Kanye West visits Joel Osteen – What I saw, heard (and predict) after my
Lakewood Church trip

   By Jonathan Morris
   Jonathan Morris

Democrats' Trump impeachment theatrics a sign of their growing desperation –
It's now a parody

   By Mike Huckabee
   Mike Huckabee

Trump impeachment inquiry, 'bribery' and the laughable hypocrisy of
Democrats' desperate gambit

   By Steve Hilton
   Steve Hilton

   Show More
   Podcast
   Fox News Rundown


   Podcast Logo
   Play / Pause
    /
   Volume

Get the best of Fox News delivered to your inbox daily

   Enter email address ____________________
   Sign Up
   We've added you to our mailing list.
   Close
   Your email address was not valid.
   Close

Features & Faces

   Wendy’s founder: I should’ve named it THIS
   Wendy’s founder: I should’ve named it THIS

   What's a 'mullet house'?
   What's a 'mullet house'?

   Men to blame for 'Charlie's Angels' flop?
   Men to blame for 'Charlie's Angels' flop?

   Hooters pinup: I support our troops
   Hooters pinup: I support our troops

   Actor's behind-the-scenes secret
   Actor's behind-the-scenes secret

   The latest of Taylor's troubles
   The latest of Taylor's troubles

   9 fascinating Mustang facts
   9 fascinating Mustang facts

   Nile discovery stuns experts
   Nile discovery stuns experts

   Bride needed some help, firefighters say
   Bride needed some help, firefighters say

   Your dog’s true age REVEALED
   Your dog’s true age REVEALED

   Rocker's health update revealed
   Rocker's health update revealed

   Culpo: 'Gimme that back'
   Culpo: 'Gimme that back'

   Donny, Marie say goodbye
   Donny, Marie say goodbye

   Star struggles with motherhood
   Star struggles with motherhood

   Moviegoers flock to free speech doc
   Moviegoers flock to free speech doc

   Star injured on movie set
   Star injured on movie set
   Previous
   Next

Proud American

   View All

   Newt Gingrich: Understanding America requires you to understand THIS

   Opinion

Newt Gingrich: Understanding America requires you to understand THIS

   U.S.

Maryland boy, 8, helps homeless veterans with 'hero bags'

   Sports

Oklahoma State football team honors veterans with military style uniforms

   02:42Video

Tunnel to Towers honors firefighter killed in the line of duty

   U.S.

Army recruiters honored after California mall shooting for life-saving
actions

   04:49Video

Tim Montana raises money for veterans and active duty military

Fox News Flash

   View All

   Veteran speaks out on military receiving ʼcoldʼ treatment on college
   campuses

   Media

Veteran speaks out on military receiving 'cold' treatment on college campuses

   Media

Republican lawmaker says Democrats can 'only cry wolf so many times' on
impeachment

   Media

Newt Gingrich: Pelosi, Schiff and Democrats 'living out their fantasies' with
impeachment inquiry

   Media

Ex-NYPD commissioner: Bloomberg 'stop-and-frisk' apology shows he forgot its
success

   Media

Rep. Doug Collins on impeachment inquiry: Schiff, House Democrats 'hate this
president'

   Media

Impeachment topics have Juan Williams and Judge Jeanine at odds

Politics

   View All

   DOJ outlines slew of Strzok ʼsecurity violations,ʼ says wife learned of
   affair through unsecured phone

   Politics

DOJ outlines slew of Strzok 'security violations,' says wife learned of
affair through unsecured phone

   Politics

Texas woman who mailed Obama explosive gets 10-year sentence

   Politics

DHS defends policy keeping asylum-seeking migrants at Mexico border

   Politics

Democrats' make-or-break week of impeachment hearings kicks off, as
contradictions surface in testimony

   Politics

No mention of Bidens, Burisma while Ukraine military aid was held up, State
official testifies

   Politics

George Conway blasts Nikki Haley, says her 'shameless' Trump defense is
'trashy'

Thankful Nation

   View All

   Los Angeles firefighters escort bride, bridesmaids to wedding during
   traffic jam

   Lifestyle

Los Angeles firefighters escort bride, bridesmaids to wedding during traffic
jam

   U.S.

NY girl, 5, who survived suicidal dad's subway jump visits NYPD

   Faith & Values

Five feel-good stories from this week you don't want to miss

   Media

Boy with rare condition raises money to give bikes to needy kids for
Christmas

   U.S.

Christmas tree used to fill pothole in Atlanta neighborhood: 'Why not have
fun with it?'

   Great Outdoors

Minnesota hunter, 19, with Down syndrome bags his first buck

U.S.

   View All

   West Virginia father marries one of his daughters after murdering her
   boyfriend: police

   U.S.

West Virginia father marries one of his daughters after murdering her
boyfriend: police

   U.S.

'Let the baby die' signs target Ohio family with sick infant: report

   U.S.

Second week of Trump impeachment hearings could be make-or-break for Dems

   U.S.

This Day in History: Nov. 19

   U.S.

Las Vegas massacre death toll rises after southern California woman's death

   U.S.

DMV workers accused of taking bribes to allow man to skip long lines, SC
officials say

World

   View All

   Sen. Thom Tillis: Democrats deny Trump due process in impeachment push

   Opinion

Sen. Thom Tillis: Democrats deny Trump due process in impeachment push

   World

Taliban free American, Australian hostages after more than 3 years in
captivity

   World

Hong Kong showdown: 100 protesters surrounded by police at university

   World

Four rockets fired into Israel from Syria intercepted by Iron Dome

   U.S.

Houston Police Department changes dress code to allow religious clothing in
honor of fallen Sikh deputy

   Politics

DHS defends policy keeping asylum-seeking migrants at Mexico border

Opinion

   View All

   David Avella: Democrats want to scrap the Electoral College. So why
   donʼt they ditch primaries, too?

   Opinion

David Avella: Democrats want to scrap the Electoral College. So why don't
they ditch primaries, too?

   Opinion

Sen. Thom Tillis: Democrats deny Trump due process in impeachment push

   Opinion

Gregg Jarrett: Trump may hope Schiff's impeachment carnival never stops

   Opinion

Andrew McCarthy: Trump impeachment inquiry obstructed by Democrats'
'whistleblower' secrecy charade

   Opinion

Jason Chaffetz: Rep. Rashida Tlaib may test Democratic claims that no one is
above the law

   Opinion

Jonathan Morris: Kanye West visits Joel Osteen – What I saw, heard (and
predict) after my Lakewood Church trip

Family

   View All

   Gisele Bundchen, daughter Vivian look nearly identical in throwback
   photo

   Entertainment

Gisele Bundchen, daughter Vivian look nearly identical in throwback photo

   Opinion

Joshua Rogers: I was on national TV talking about my happy marriage—but my
wife knew the truth

   Entertainment

‘Superman’ actor Christopher Reeve's son remembers him 15 years after his
death: 'He had an impact'

   Faith & Values

Operation Christmas Child: 1 girl helps give 10,000 shoe boxes full of gifts
to children in need

   Entertainment

Lamar Odom's son says he was ‘hurt' after learning about engagement on
Instagram: ‘I have nothing but love’

   Entertainment

Brooke Shields opens up about teaching her daughters body positivity

Entertainment

   View All

   Sophia Loren recalls striptease scene from ‘Yesterday, Today and
   Tomorrowʼ

   Entertainment

Sophia Loren recalls striptease scene from ‘Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow'

   Entertainment

Hooters calendar girls explain how they’re giving back to our troops with
care packages

   Entertainment

5 stars who have had breast implants removed after health scares

   Entertainment

Gisele Bundchen, daughter Vivian look nearly identical in throwback photo

   Entertainment

Rupert Grint recalls seeing 'sparks' between Emma Watson and Tom Felton on
'Harry Potter' set

   Entertainment

Lily Collins pays tribute to 'The Blind Side' 10 years after its premiere:
'Forever grateful'

What to Watch

   View All

   Brit Hume previews week 2 of public hearings in impeachment inquiry

   03:04special report

Brit Hume previews week 2 of public hearings in impeachment inquiry

   04:03the story with martha maccallum

Collins: Schiff is an incompetent chairman

   03:40tucker carlson tonight

Former police commissioner: People forget how effective stop-and-frisk was

   05:14hannity

Rep. Kevin McCarthy probes ABC dropping Jeffrey Epstein story

   06:10the ingraham angle

DOJ watchdog to testify about FISA abuse

   09:17the five

Democrats' impeachment spectacle returns to Capitol Hill

Sports

   View All

   Washington Capitalsʼ Garnet Hathaway ejected for spitting during nasty
   brawl vs. Anaheim Ducks

   Sports

Washington Capitals' Garnet Hathaway ejected for spitting during nasty brawl
vs. Anaheim Ducks

   Sports

Myles Garrett can have his indefinite suspension reduced by doing this, Roger
Goodell says

   Sports

Derek Jeter leads newcomers on Baseball Hall of Fame ballot

   Sports

Houston Astros World Series DVD may show team's alleged cheating setup

   Sports

MMA fighter, 26, dies after suffering brain injury during match

   Sports

Gronkowski will be in Miami for Super Bowl as party host

Technology

   View All

   Facebook relents after breast cancer tattoo artist stages protest

   Health

Facebook relents after breast cancer tattoo artist stages protest

   Tech

Google slammed by GOP senator over search interference report

   Real Estate

Decommissioned nuclear missile silo in Arizona being sold for less than $400G

   Politics

Ratcliffe on IG report: Doesn't take 500 pages to say everything was done
right

   Tech

How to securely send email and texts

   Tech

Amazon takes large step forward to shelter Seattle's homeless families

Faith & Values

   View All

   Jonathan Morris: Kanye West visits Joel Osteen – What I saw, heard (and
   predict) after my Lakewood Church trip

   Opinion

Jonathan Morris: Kanye West visits Joel Osteen – What I saw, heard (and
predict) after my Lakewood Church trip

   Faith & Values

Franklin Graham talks Kanye's church service with Joel Osteen, Operation
Christmas Child

   Faith & Values

Pastor Judah Smith launches 'Guided Prayers' teased by Justin Bieber

   Entertainment

Kanye West performs free 'Sunday Service Experience' concert at Joel Osteen's
Lakewood Church

   Entertainment

Kanye West addresses Joel Osteen's church: I'm 'in service to God'

   Opinion

Bruce Ashford: These immigration reforms will make America good as well as
great

Autos

   View All

   9 fascinating facts about the Ford Mustang Mach-E

   Cars + Trucks

9 fascinating facts about the Ford Mustang Mach-E

   Cars + Trucks

Who's next for NASCAR? Honda, Hyundai or someone else?

   Cars + Trucks

Robert Hight, Steve Torrence, Erica Enders and Andre Hines take 2019 NHRA
titles

   Cars + Trucks

Electric 2021 Ford Mustang Mach-E officially revealed

   Cars + Trucks

Kyle Busch leads Gibbs trio to win 2nd NASCAR championship

   Opinion

Newt Gingrich: Understanding America requires you to understand THIS

Business Leaders

   View All

   Jeff Bezosʼ Blue Origin satellite launch protest sustained by GAO

   Markets

Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin satellite launch protest sustained by GAO

   Technology

Amazon offers free music streaming service

   Money

How to improve your credit, get out of debt

   Markets

McDonald's new CEO tells 'McFamily' he is sharpening focus, seeks employee
feedback

   Healthcare

Former NBA player: CBD needs to be regulated

   Technology

Atari battles for chunk of $43 billion video game industry

Travel + Outdoors

   View All

   Hunter says she gets death threats for pics with dead animals, despite
   using meat to feed family

   Great Outdoors

Hunter says she gets death threats for pics with dead animals, despite using
meat to feed family

   Great Outdoors

Michigan hunter mistakes brother for deer, shoots him during first days of
hunting season

   Great Outdoors

West Virginia hunter takes down 17-point buck after tracking it for 6 years

   U.S.

NM boy catches 42-pound catfish

   U.S.

California school shooting update: Victim identified

   Great Outdoors

South Carolina hunter mistakes friend for deer and shoots him

Food + Drink

   View All

   Wendyʼs founder Dave Thomas once apologized to daughter for naming
   chain after her

   Food & Drink

Wendy's founder Dave Thomas once apologized to daughter for naming chain
after her

   Food & Drink

Chick-fil-A no longer donating to 2 organizations accused of anti-LGBTQ+
views

   Food & Drink

Vegans sue Burger King over Impossible Whopper, claim patty was contaminated
by meat in class-action lawsuit: report

   Food & Drink

Taco Bell thief helps himself to tostada shells during robbery

   Food & Drink

7 Milwaukee Popeyes employees fired after chaotic brawl caught on camera

   Food & Drink

Inventor of 'Sourtoe Cocktail' passes away at 89, leaves his toes to the bar

House + Home

   View All

   Do you have a ʼmullet houseʼ?

   Real Estate

Do you have a 'mullet house'?

   Travel

Airbnb guests sue homeowner after discovering 3 hidden cameras in unit,
lawsuit claims

   Real Estate

Horrific home inspections: The strangest, scariest things inspectors have
seen during their visits

   U.S.

Colorado homeowner owed nothing after police SWAT shootout destroys his
house, federal court rules

   Real Estate

Antonio Brown lists Pennsylvania mansion for $2.3 million

   Real Estate

Leaves all over the lawn? Here are the best ways to dispose of them

Fitness + Well-being

   View All

   Girl, 8, rocks photo shoot after being denied school picture for hair
   extensions

   Lifestyle

Girl, 8, rocks photo shoot after being denied school picture for hair
extensions

   Lifestyle

Instagram influencers praised for 'real' bikini photos: 'Everybody bloats'

   Lifestyle

Personal trainer dealt with 'rude' and 'negative' comments after losing 120
pounds

   Lifestyle

Fat-shamed reporter reveals his new six-pack abs

   Lifestyle

Virginia 'cheer dad' goes viral for football game performance: 'This guy is
legit'

   Lifestyle

Instagram fitness star Emily Skye reveals parasites, SIBO are to blame for
her bloating

Style + Beauty

   View All

   Girl, 8, rocks photo shoot after being denied school picture for hair
   extensions

   Lifestyle

Girl, 8, rocks photo shoot after being denied school picture for hair
extensions

   Lifestyle

Kylie Jenner selling 51 percent stake in beauty brands to parent company of
Clairol and CoverGirl

   Lifestyle

Plus-size blogger slams body shamers after harsh reactions to her Meghan
Markle re-creations

   Lifestyle

Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop holiday gift guide includes $43G earrings, BDSM kit

   Lifestyle

Instagram influencers praised for 'real' bikini photos: 'Everybody bloats'

   Lifestyle

Kate Upton criticized for Canada Goose partnership while promoting polar bear
conservation: 'This is disingenuous'

Health

   View All

   California sues Juul over e-cigarette ads, sales to teens

   Health

California sues Juul over e-cigarette ads, sales to teens

   Health

Facebook relents after breast cancer tattoo artist stages protest

   Health

Woman’s 'velvety' palms lead to unsettling diagnosis

   Health

FDA issues tuna fish warning amid illness outbreak investigation

   Health

China sees 3rd plague case after man, 55, eats wild rabbit

   Health

Transplant doctor rejects damaged donated lungs from chain-smoker

Personal Finance

   View All

   Liz Weston: 5 financial tasks you should tackle by year-end

   Lifestyle

Liz Weston: 5 financial tasks you should tackle by year-end

   Real Estate

Homeowners are staying put longer. Here's how it affects you.

   Money

College students turn to ‘adulting’ classes for basic life skills

   Money

Holiday shopping? Credit cards can stretch your budget, expert says

   Money

Because Americans are living longer, they should be investing more: Expert

   Money

Americans have spent billions treating diabetes

Good News

   View All

   NY girl, 5, who survived suicidal dadʼs subway jump visits NYPD

   U.S.

NY girl, 5, who survived suicidal dad's subway jump visits NYPD

   Faith & Values

Five feel-good stories from this week you don't want to miss

   Media

Boy with rare condition raises money to give bikes to needy kids for
Christmas

   U.S.

Christmas tree used to fill pothole in Atlanta neighborhood: 'Why not have
fun with it?'

   Great Outdoors

Minnesota hunter, 19, with Down syndrome bags his first buck

   Health

Pittsburgh hospital dresses newborns as Mr. Rogers to mark World Kindness Day

Full Episodes

   View All

   Fox News @ Night - Monday, November 18

   39:58Video

Fox News @ Night - Monday, November 18

   43:00

The Ingraham Angle - Monday, November 18

   47:01

Hannity - Monday, November 18

   43:29

Tucker Carlson Tonight - Friday, November 19

   40:06

The Story w/ Martha MacCallum - Monday, November 18

   41:01

Special Report w/ Bret Baier - Monday, November 18

Fox News Salutes

   View All

   Veteran speaks out on military receiving ʼcoldʼ treatment on college
   campuses

   Media

Veteran speaks out on military receiving 'cold' treatment on college campuses

   Media

Soldier pardoned by Trump in first interview since release from prison: 'I
love you sir'

   U.S.

Maryland boy, 8, helps homeless veterans with 'hero bags'

   Food & Drink

Veteran with service dog denied entry to Pittsburgh restaurant

   U.S.

Army 1st Lt. Clint Lorance released from Leavenworth prison after Trump
grants clemency

   Politics

Trump grants clemency to 2 Army officers accused of war crimes, restores rank
to Navy SEAL Eddie Gallagher

Crime

   View All

   West Virginia father marries one of his daughters after murdering her
   boyfriend: police

   U.S.

West Virginia father marries one of his daughters after murdering her
boyfriend: police

   U.S.

Las Vegas massacre death toll rises after southern California woman's death

   Politics

Texas woman who mailed Obama explosive gets 10-year sentence

   U.S.

DMV workers accused of taking bribes to allow man to skip long lines, SC
officials say

   U.S.

Criminal charges expected this week against Epstein guards

   U.S.

Houston Police Department changes dress code to allow religious clothing in
honor of fallen Sikh deputy

Odd News

   View All

   California man claims fire destroyed 500-pound emerald, report says

   U.S.

California man claims fire destroyed 500-pound emerald, report says

   Health

Woman’s 'velvety' palms lead to unsettling diagnosis

   U.S.

Body 'encased' in concrete found in basement of Colorado home, man arrested,
sheriff says

   World

Small Canadian island irate that Americans keep opening their mail

   World

English newspaper apologizes for obituary of man who is still alive

   U.S.

Texas shelter cat placed in solitary confinement after repeatedly freeing
fellow felines

U.S.

     * Crime
     * Military
     * Education
     * Terror
     * Immigration
     * Economy
     * Personal Freedoms
     * Fox News Investigates

World

     * U.N.
     * Conflicts
     * Terrorism
     * Disasters
     * Global Economy
     * Environment
     * Religion
     * Scandals

Opinion

Politics

     * Executive
     * Senate
     * House
     * Judiciary
     * Foreign policy
     * Polls
     * Elections

Entertainment

     * Celebrity News
     * Movies
     * TV News
     * Music News
     * Style News
     * Entertainment Video

Business

     * Markets
     * Politics
     * Technology
     * Features
     * Business Leaders

Lifestyle

     * Food + Drink
     * Cars + Trucks
     * Travel + Outdoors
     * House + Home
     * Fitness + Well-being
     * Style + Beauty
     * Family

Science

     * Archaeology
     * Air & Space
     * Planet Earth
     * Wild Nature
     * Natural Science
     * Dinosaurs

Tech

     * Security
     * Innovation
     * Drones
     * Computers
     * Video Games
     * Military Tech

Health

     * Healthy Living
     * Medical Research
     * Mental Health
     * Cancer
     * Heart Health
     * Children's Health

TV

     * Shows
     * Personalities
     * Watch Live
     * Full Episodes
     * Show Clips
     * News Clips

About

     * Contact Us
     * Careers
     * Fox Around the World
     * Advertise With Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Media Relations
     * Compliance
     * Supplier Diversity

Other

     * Fox Nation
     * Fox News Shop
     * Fox News Go
     * Fox News Radio
     * Newsletters
     * Alerts
     * Podcasts
     * Apps & Products

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Flipboard
     * Google+
     * Instagram
     * RSS
     * Email

   Fox News
     * Terms of Use
     * Updated Privacy Policy(What's Changed)
     * Closed Captioning Policy
     * Help
     * Contact Us

   This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
   redistributed. ©2019 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All
   market data delayed 20 minutes.
