   ireland-information.com
   ____________________ (BUTTON) [search.png]
   Contact Us
   Genealogy
   Tourist
   Culture
   Stories
   History
   News
   Downloads
   Gifts
     * Genealogy & Names
          +
            [irishfamilycrests.jpg] Your Family Crest
            Irish First Names [irishbabynames.jpg]
            [irishgenealogy.jpg] Irish Roots Search
            Irish Surnames [irishsurnames.jpg]

     * Tourist Information
          +
            Free Tourist Attractions
            [freeadmission.jpg]
            Pay-For Tourist Attractions
            [ticket.jpg]
            Irish Tourist FAQ
            [touristoffice.jpg]
            Ireland Travel Guide
            [old-travel-guide.jpg]
            Map of Ireland
            Book of Kells
            Newgrange
            Clonmacnoise
            Giant's Causeway
            Rock of Cashel
            The GPO, Dublin

     * Culture & Reference
          +
            Reference Data about Ireland
            [referencedataireland.jpg]
            Irish Wedding Traditions
            [irishweddingtraditions.jpg]
            Saint Patrick
            [saintpatrick.jpg]
            Irish Recipes
            [irishrecipes.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Irish Music
            Irish Sayings & Blessings
            Saint Patrick's Day Traditions
            Irish Halloween Traditions
            Irish Christmas Traditions
            Irish Childhood Traditions
            Irish Mythology

     * Irish Stories
          +
            The Adventures of Conan From Tirdevlin
            [irish-stories.jpg]
            60 Lyrical yarns by Pat Watson
            [themonsterofloughree.jpg]
            Flavour of Ireland by Brian DeVon
            [tumblingclown.jpg]
            Mattie Lennon
            [mentalking.jpg]
            Michael Collins
            [oldphone.jpg]
            John B. McCabes
            [pylon.gif]
            Marie O'Byrne
            [washingline.jpg]
            Oscar Wilde
            G.B.Shaw
            Jonathan Swift
            J.M.Synge
            Bram Stoker
            Liam O'Flaherty
            Frank O'Connor
            Brendan Behan
            James Plunkett

     * Irish History
          +
            Brief History of Ireland
            [history-of-ireland.jpg]
            Easter 1916
            [easter1916rising.jpg]
            The Black Irish
            [spanisharmada.jpg]
            The Irish Famine
            [irishfamine.jpg]
            1798 Rebellion
            Dermot, Strongbow and the Invasion of Ireland
            The Titanic and Ireland
            The Vikings in Ireland
            The Ancient Ogham language
            Padraig Pearse
            Countess Markievicz
            Saint Patrick
            Saint Brigid
            Robert Emmet
            Kevin Barry
            Michael Collins
            Eamon deValera
            Sean Lemass
            Daniel O'Connell
            Charles Stewart Parnell
            Wolfe Tone
            Brian Boru
            Grace O'Malley

     * News from Ireland
          +
            Irish News Blog
            [irishnewsblog.jpg]
            The State of the Irish Nation 2017
            [dublinspire.jpg]
            The Legacy of TK Whitaker
            [tkwhitaker.jpg]
            Side-Effects of the Same-Sex Marriage Referendum
            [samesexreferendum.jpg]
            The Irish in WW1
            The Poppy Conundrum
            Irish Seanad Disgrace

     * Free Downloads
          +
            Free Photos of Ireland
            [gallarus.jpg]
            Irish Screensavers
            [irishscreensaver.jpg]
            Free Celtic Fonts
            [freecelticfonts.jpg]
            Free Celtic Clipart
            [freecelticclipart.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Free Ebooks
            History Reports
            Ireland Travel Guide
            Irish Stories
            Irish Music Lyrics
            Irish Recipes

     * Irish Gift Shop
          +
            CATEGORIES Family Crests
            Jewellery
            Flags
            Home Decor
            Framed Art
            Galway Crystal
            GIFTS YOU WONT FIND ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE WORLD! Heraldic Clock
            Christening Cup
            Marriage Print
            Irish Stamps Art
            Lyrics Plaques
            OCCASIONS Wedding
            Christmas
            Baby
            St. Patrick's Day
            GIFTS FOR... Gifts for Her
            Gifts for Him
            Baby & Kids

               [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg] DONT LEAVE IT TOO LATE TO
           GET THAT SPECIAL GIFT YOU NEED! [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg]

   [ad-plaque2.jpg]

   [ad-fcrings1.jpg]

   [home.png] Ireland

Free Information About Ireland

Welcome to Ireland. The Information about Ireland Site has been providing
essential, useful and entertaining information about Ireland since 1998. We
boast the world's longest running free Ireland Newsletter (be sure to sign
up!) and are continually updating and adding more free resources for you to
enjoy and use.

   Genealogy & Names
   [irishgenealogy.jpg]

Searching for your Irish Roots? Our resource page is a great place to start.
Find out about the origin of Irish First Names and Surnames too.

   Tourist Information
   [irish-tourist-information.jpg]

Everything you wanted to know about visiting the Emerald Isle. Grab our Free
Ireland Tourist Guide. Explore the most popular attractions.

   Culture & References
   [irish-culture.jpg]

Irish Traditions, Music, People, Maps, Reference Data, Irish Recipes, Saint
Patrick, Irish Blessings and Sayings and much more.

   Free Newsletter From Ireland
   [ireland-newsletter.jpg]

   First Name: ____________________
   Email: ____________________
   Please Tick This Box: [ ]
   __________________________________
   Connect with Ireland
   please wait a moment...
   please wait a moment...
   Irish Stories
   [irish-stories.jpg]

Conan wondered how it had come to this...
Classic and modern stories from Ireland. Short stories and full length
novels.

   Irish History
   [history-of-ireland.jpg]

Learn about Irish History from St. Patrick to Strongbow. From Brian Boru to
Daniel O'Connell. From the Vikings to the Easter Rising.

   News From Ireland
   [irish-news.jpg]

Get the latest News Stories from Ireland with all of the objective Facts and
subjective Opinion you could want at our Irish News Blog.

   Irish Gifts
   [irish-gifts.jpg]

Fantastic Family Crests. Gorgeous Irish Jewelry. Wonderful gifts that are
hand-crafted in Ireland with Free Worldwide Delivery.

   Irish Music
   [irish-music.jpg]

Listen to famous Irish songs like Danny Boy and Fields of Athenry. Grab the
lyrics too!

   Fun & Games
   [irish-games.jpg]

Play Hangman. Do a Quiz. Complete an Archetype Test. Free Kids Games.

   Irish Mythology
   [irish-mythology.jpg]

Learn about Cuchulainn, Scathach, Balor and all of the Characters of Irish
Mythology.

   Free Downloads
   [free-downloads.jpg]

Free downloads including Celtic Clipart, Celtic Fonts, Irish Screensavers,
Irish Recipes and more.

   Ireland Maps
   [ireland-maps.jpg]

Free Tourist Maps, Research Maps, History Maps of Ireland.

   Learn Irish Language
   [learn-irish-language.jpg]

Ever wanted to Learn Irish? Here are some Gaelic Phrases to start you off.

   What is the Weather like in Ireland?

Influenced by the Atlantic Ocean the weather in Ireland is mild, wet and
changeable. It is not too hot and not too cold. Summer temperatures over 30
degrees Celsius (86 degrees Fahrenheit) are rare enough occurrences (perhaps
once or twice a decade).
The average monthly temperature in Ireland is: January (5 degrees C = 41
degrees F), February (5C = 41F), March (7C = 45F), April (8C = 46F), May (11C
= 52F), June (14C = 56F), July (16C = 60F), August, (16C = 60F), September
(14C = 56F), October (11C = 51F), November (8C = 48F), December (7C = 44F).
It can rain at any time in Ireland but prolonged periods of rainfall are
uncommon. Snow/severe frost are usually confined to December to February.

   What is the Capital City of Ireland?

Dublin is the capital city of Ireland with a population of approximately 1.1
Million, followed in terms of population by Cork (198,582), Limerick
(91,454), Galway (76,778) and Waterford (51,519).
The population of Ireland (in 2012) was 4.58 Million in the Republic with 1.8
Million people in Northern Ireland. In 1841 prior to the Great Famine the
population of Ireland was nearly 7 Million, falling to under 3 Million by the
1960's.

   Can I Get Irish Citizenship

If either of your parents were an Irish Citizen at the time of your birth
then you do qualify for Citizenship. If any of your Grandparents were Irish
Citizens then you qualify to be an Irish Citizen and claim an Irish Passport.
More distant relatives or ancestors, (including great-grandparents, cousins,
aunt or uncle) do not qualify you to be a citizen of Ireland. If you marry an
Irish Citizen then you may be eligible to become a Citizen. Irish Citizens
are free to live and work in any other European Union country without the
need for a residence or work permit.

   When is the Best Time to Visit Ireland?

There is plenty to see and do in Ireland at any time of the year, although
the worst of the weather usually occurs from December to February. An
examination of the average temperatures and rainfall in Ireland can be
misleading. March and November can produce more days, perfect for touring and
outside of the main visitor months of May, June, July and August.
Like most European countries Summer offers the best of the weather and is
also when most of the town festivals and events take place. However, with a
little planning (and a little luck!) a visit in February, April or November
could also provide an unforgettable experience in Ireland.

   What Currency does Ireland use?

Ireland uses the Euro currency throughout the 26 Counties of the South, with
the British Pound (Sterling) in use in 6 Counties in Ulster (Counties Down,
Derry, Armagh, Antrim, Fermanagh and Tyrone).
Other European countries that use the Euro include France, Germany, Italy,
Portugal and Spain. The Irish Pound (also known as the 'punt' in Gaelic) was
discontinued in 2002 when Ireland joined the Eurozone.

   Does Ireland have States?

Ireland does not have States but is divided into 4 Provinces and then into 32
Counties. The four Provinces are Ulster, Munster, Leinster and Connaught.
The Counties of Leinster: Carlow, Dublin, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford,
Louth, Meath, Offaly, Westmeath, Wexford, Wicklow. The Counties of Munster:
Clare, Cork, Kerry, Limerick, Tipperary, Waterford. The Counties of Ulster:
Armagh, Antrim, Down, Derry, Fermanagh, Tyrone (in Northern Ireland) and
Donegal, Cavan and Monaghan in the Republic. The Counties of Connaught:
Galway, Leitrim, Mayo, Roscommon, Sligo.

   [facebook1.jpg]

   [twitter1.jpg]

   [googleplus1.jpg]

   [linkedin1.jpg]

   [pinterest1.jpg]

   [tumblr1.jpg]

   [tellafriend1.jpg]

   [contact1.jpg]

Contact

     * Go to Contact Form
     * Tel: ++ 353 1 2893860
       (from USA dial 011-353-1-2893860)
     * ireland-information.com,
       17 Páirc Ghrainbhil,
       Carraig Dubh,
       Contae Baile Átha Cliath,
       Ireland

Visitor Information
          + About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Frequently Asked Questions

Most Popular Irish Gifts
          + Family Crest Gifts
          + Irish Jewelry
          + Flags
       [irelandinformationlogo1.jpg]
       The Information about Ireland Site
       (C) Copyright - IrelandInformation.com, 1998-2017
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + Google+
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          +
          +
       Tell A Friend
       Contact Michael
   ireland-information.com
   ____________________ (BUTTON) [search.png]
   Contact Us
   Genealogy
   Tourist
   Culture
   Stories
   History
   News
   Downloads
   Gifts
     * Genealogy & Names
          +
            [irishfamilycrests.jpg] Your Family Crest
            Irish First Names [irishbabynames.jpg]
            [irishgenealogy.jpg] Irish Roots Search
            Irish Surnames [irishsurnames.jpg]

     * Tourist Information
          +
            Free Tourist Attractions
            [freeadmission.jpg]
            Pay-For Tourist Attractions
            [ticket.jpg]
            Irish Tourist FAQ
            [touristoffice.jpg]
            Ireland Travel Guide
            [old-travel-guide.jpg]
            Map of Ireland
            Book of Kells
            Newgrange
            Clonmacnoise
            Giant's Causeway
            Rock of Cashel
            The GPO, Dublin

     * Culture & Reference
          +
            Reference Data about Ireland
            [referencedataireland.jpg]
            Irish Wedding Traditions
            [irishweddingtraditions.jpg]
            Saint Patrick
            [saintpatrick.jpg]
            Irish Recipes
            [irishrecipes.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Irish Music
            Irish Sayings & Blessings
            Saint Patrick's Day Traditions
            Irish Halloween Traditions
            Irish Christmas Traditions
            Irish Childhood Traditions
            Irish Mythology

     * Irish Stories
          +
            The Adventures of Conan From Tirdevlin
            [irish-stories.jpg]
            60 Lyrical yarns by Pat Watson
            [themonsterofloughree.jpg]
            Flavour of Ireland by Brian DeVon
            [tumblingclown.jpg]
            Mattie Lennon
            [mentalking.jpg]
            Michael Collins
            [oldphone.jpg]
            John B. McCabes
            [pylon.gif]
            Marie O'Byrne
            [washingline.jpg]
            Oscar Wilde
            G.B.Shaw
            Jonathan Swift
            J.M.Synge
            Bram Stoker
            Liam O'Flaherty
            Frank O'Connor
            Brendan Behan
            James Plunkett

     * Irish History
          +
            Brief History of Ireland
            [history-of-ireland.jpg]
            Easter 1916
            [easter1916rising.jpg]
            The Black Irish
            [spanisharmada.jpg]
            The Irish Famine
            [irishfamine.jpg]
            1798 Rebellion
            Dermot, Strongbow and the Invasion of Ireland
            The Titanic and Ireland
            The Vikings in Ireland
            The Ancient Ogham language
            Padraig Pearse
            Countess Markievicz
            Saint Patrick
            Saint Brigid
            Robert Emmet
            Kevin Barry
            Michael Collins
            Eamon deValera
            Sean Lemass
            Daniel O'Connell
            Charles Stewart Parnell
            Wolfe Tone
            Brian Boru
            Grace O'Malley

     * News from Ireland
          +
            Irish News Blog
            [irishnewsblog.jpg]
            The State of the Irish Nation 2017
            [dublinspire.jpg]
            The Legacy of TK Whitaker
            [tkwhitaker.jpg]
            Side-Effects of the Same-Sex Marriage Referendum
            [samesexreferendum.jpg]
            The Irish in WW1
            The Poppy Conundrum
            Irish Seanad Disgrace

     * Free Downloads
          +
            Free Photos of Ireland
            [gallarus.jpg]
            Irish Screensavers
            [irishscreensaver.jpg]
            Free Celtic Fonts
            [freecelticfonts.jpg]
            Free Celtic Clipart
            [freecelticclipart.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Free Ebooks
            History Reports
            Ireland Travel Guide
            Irish Stories
            Irish Music Lyrics
            Irish Recipes

     * Irish Gift Shop
          +
            CATEGORIES Family Crests
            Jewellery
            Flags
            Home Decor
            Framed Art
            Galway Crystal
            GIFTS YOU WONT FIND ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE WORLD! Heraldic Clock
            Christening Cup
            Marriage Print
            Irish Stamps Art
            Lyrics Plaques
            OCCASIONS Wedding
            Christmas
            Baby
            St. Patrick's Day
            GIFTS FOR... Gifts for Her
            Gifts for Him
            Baby & Kids

               [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg] DONT LEAVE IT TOO LATE TO
           GET THAT SPECIAL GIFT YOU NEED! [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg]

   [ad-plaque2.jpg]

   [ad-flag1.jpg]

   [home.png] Irish Genealogy

Irish Genealogy

Irish Genealogy is a fascinating subject and the Irish Genealogy resources
below will help you find what you are looking for. Find your Irish Roots or
the Origin of Irish First Names and Surnames. Irish Baby Names for boys and
girls. Or view your Irish Coat of Arms.

   Irish Roots Guide
   [irishgenealogy.jpg]

How to Start the Search for your Irish Roots. Free downloadable PDF guide to
get you started on your search.

   View Your Irish Family Crest
   [irish-family-crests.jpg]

1000 free-to-view Irish Coats of Arms and Irish Name Histories with the
Meaning of the Symbols.

   Irish Girls Names
   [irishgirlsnames.jpg]

The 100 Most Popular Girls Names in Ireland with their Origin and Meaning.
The Gaelic version is shown also.

   Free Newsletter From Ireland
   [ireland-newsletter.jpg]

   First Name: ____________________
   Email: ____________________
   Please Tick This Box: [ ]
   __________________________________
   Connect with Ireland
   please wait a moment...
   please wait a moment...
   Irish Name Gifts
   [family-crest-gifts1.jpg]

Incredible Gifts that are individually hand-made in Ireland. Show off your
Irish Heritage with Pride.

   Irish Boys Names
   [irishboysnames.jpg]

The 100 Most Popular Boys Names in Ireland with their Origin and Meaning. The
Gaelic version is shown also.

   Irish Surnames
   [irishsurnames.jpg]

The 100 Most Popular Surnames in Ireland and their origin and meaning. The
Gaelic form is listed also.

   Irish Gifts
   [irish-gifts.jpg]

Gorgeous Irish Jewelry and Wonderful Irish gifts that are hand-crafted in
Ireland with Free Worldwide Delivery.

   [facebook1.jpg]

   [twitter1.jpg]

   [googleplus1.jpg]

   [linkedin1.jpg]

   [pinterest1.jpg]

   [tumblr1.jpg]

   [tellafriend1.jpg]

   [contact1.jpg]

Contact

     * Go to Contact Form
     * Tel: ++ 353 1 2893860
       (from USA dial 011-353-1-2893860)
     * ireland-information.com,
       17 Páirc Ghrainbhil,
       Carraig Dubh,
       Contae Baile Átha Cliath,
       Ireland

Visitor Information
          + About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Frequently Asked Questions

Most Popular Irish Gifts
          + Family Crest Gifts
          + Irish Jewelry
          + Flags
       [irelandinformationlogo1.jpg]
       The Information about Ireland Site
       (C) Copyright - IrelandInformation.com, 1998-2017
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + Google+
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          +
          +
       Tell A Friend
       Contact Michael
   ireland-information.com
   ____________________ (BUTTON) [search.png]
   Contact Us
   Genealogy
   Tourist
   Culture
   Stories
   History
   News
   Downloads
   Gifts
     * Genealogy & Names
          +
            [irishfamilycrests.jpg] Your Family Crest
            Irish First Names [irishbabynames.jpg]
            [irishgenealogy.jpg] Irish Roots Search
            Irish Surnames [irishsurnames.jpg]

     * Tourist Information
          +
            Free Tourist Attractions
            [freeadmission.jpg]
            Pay-For Tourist Attractions
            [ticket.jpg]
            Irish Tourist FAQ
            [touristoffice.jpg]
            Ireland Travel Guide
            [old-travel-guide.jpg]
            Map of Ireland
            Book of Kells
            Newgrange
            Clonmacnoise
            Giant's Causeway
            Rock of Cashel
            The GPO, Dublin

     * Culture & Reference
          +
            Reference Data about Ireland
            [referencedataireland.jpg]
            Irish Wedding Traditions
            [irishweddingtraditions.jpg]
            Saint Patrick
            [saintpatrick.jpg]
            Irish Recipes
            [irishrecipes.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Irish Music
            Irish Sayings & Blessings
            Saint Patrick's Day Traditions
            Irish Halloween Traditions
            Irish Christmas Traditions
            Irish Childhood Traditions
            Irish Mythology

     * Irish Stories
          +
            The Adventures of Conan From Tirdevlin
            [irish-stories.jpg]
            60 Lyrical yarns by Pat Watson
            [themonsterofloughree.jpg]
            Flavour of Ireland by Brian DeVon
            [tumblingclown.jpg]
            Mattie Lennon
            [mentalking.jpg]
            Michael Collins
            [oldphone.jpg]
            John B. McCabes
            [pylon.gif]
            Marie O'Byrne
            [washingline.jpg]
            Oscar Wilde
            G.B.Shaw
            Jonathan Swift
            J.M.Synge
            Bram Stoker
            Liam O'Flaherty
            Frank O'Connor
            Brendan Behan
            James Plunkett

     * Irish History
          +
            Brief History of Ireland
            [history-of-ireland.jpg]
            Easter 1916
            [easter1916rising.jpg]
            The Black Irish
            [spanisharmada.jpg]
            The Irish Famine
            [irishfamine.jpg]
            1798 Rebellion
            Dermot, Strongbow and the Invasion of Ireland
            The Titanic and Ireland
            The Vikings in Ireland
            The Ancient Ogham language
            Padraig Pearse
            Countess Markievicz
            Saint Patrick
            Saint Brigid
            Robert Emmet
            Kevin Barry
            Michael Collins
            Eamon deValera
            Sean Lemass
            Daniel O'Connell
            Charles Stewart Parnell
            Wolfe Tone
            Brian Boru
            Grace O'Malley

     * News from Ireland
          +
            Irish News Blog
            [irishnewsblog.jpg]
            The State of the Irish Nation 2017
            [dublinspire.jpg]
            The Legacy of TK Whitaker
            [tkwhitaker.jpg]
            Side-Effects of the Same-Sex Marriage Referendum
            [samesexreferendum.jpg]
            The Irish in WW1
            The Poppy Conundrum
            Irish Seanad Disgrace

     * Free Downloads
          +
            Free Photos of Ireland
            [gallarus.jpg]
            Irish Screensavers
            [irishscreensaver.jpg]
            Free Celtic Fonts
            [freecelticfonts.jpg]
            Free Celtic Clipart
            [freecelticclipart.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Free Ebooks
            History Reports
            Ireland Travel Guide
            Irish Stories
            Irish Music Lyrics
            Irish Recipes

     * Irish Gift Shop
          +
            CATEGORIES Family Crests
            Jewellery
            Flags
            Home Decor
            Framed Art
            Galway Crystal
            GIFTS YOU WONT FIND ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE WORLD! Heraldic Clock
            Christening Cup
            Marriage Print
            Irish Stamps Art
            Lyrics Plaques
            OCCASIONS Wedding
            Christmas
            Baby
            St. Patrick's Day
            GIFTS FOR... Gifts for Her
            Gifts for Him
            Baby & Kids

               [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg] DONT LEAVE IT TOO LATE TO
           GET THAT SPECIAL GIFT YOU NEED! [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg]

   [ad-plaque2.jpg]

   [ad-fcrings1.jpg]

   [home.png] Ireland Tourist Information

Ireland Tourist Information

Ireland Tourist information abounds in our ever-expanding and constantly
update Irish tourism resource. Find out about the best free and 'pay-for'
Irish Tourist attractions. Be sure to check out the Frequently Asked
Questions about visiting Ireland.

   Irish Tourist Attractions
   [freeadmission.jpg]

The Most Popular Tourist attractions in Ireland. Arranged in 'free' and
'pay-for' sections.

   Ireland Tourist FAQ
   [touristoffice.jpg]

Frequently Asked Questions about visiting Ireland. All of the basics that you
need to know.

   Free Ireland Tourist Guide
   [old-travel-guide.jpg]

Ireland Tourist Guide. Free downloadable PDF guide to help you plan your
visit to Ireland.

   Free Newsletter From Ireland
   [ireland-newsletter.jpg]

   First Name: ____________________
   Email: ____________________
   Please Tick This Box: [ ]
   __________________________________
   Connect with Ireland
   please wait a moment...
   please wait a moment...
   Book of Kells
   [book-of-kells.jpg]

The Treasured Work of Artistic History.

   Newgrange
   [newgrange1.jpg]

One of the oldest man-made Structures in the World.

   Map of Ireland
   [mapofireland2.jpg]

View a large Map of Ireland to help you plan your trip.

   Clonmacnoise
   [clonmacnoise.jpg]

The sixth century Monastery located in County Offaly. Founded by Saint
Ciaran.

   The Rock of Cashel
   [rock-of-cashel.jpg]

County Tipperary is home to the thirteenth century Cathedral.

   The GPO, Dublin
   [gpo-dublin.jpg]

Scene of the Easter Rising in the heart of Dublin city.

   [facebook1.jpg]

   [twitter1.jpg]

   [googleplus1.jpg]

   [linkedin1.jpg]

   [pinterest1.jpg]

   [tumblr1.jpg]

   [tellafriend1.jpg]

   [contact1.jpg]

Contact

     * Go to Contact Form
     * Tel: ++ 353 1 2893860
       (from USA dial 011-353-1-2893860)
     * ireland-information.com,
       17 Páirc Ghrainbhil,
       Carraig Dubh,
       Contae Baile Átha Cliath,
       Ireland

Visitor Information
          + About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Frequently Asked Questions

Most Popular Irish Gifts
          + Family Crest Gifts
          + Irish Jewelry
          + Flags
       [irelandinformationlogo1.jpg]
       The Information about Ireland Site
       (C) Copyright - IrelandInformation.com, 1998-2017
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + Google+
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          +
          +
       Tell A Friend
       Contact Michael
   ireland-information.com
   ____________________ (BUTTON) [search.png]
   Contact Us
   Genealogy
   Tourist
   Culture
   Stories
   History
   News
   Downloads
   Gifts
     * Genealogy & Names
          +
            [irishfamilycrests.jpg] Your Family Crest
            Irish First Names [irishbabynames.jpg]
            [irishgenealogy.jpg] Irish Roots Search
            Irish Surnames [irishsurnames.jpg]

     * Tourist Information
          +
            Free Tourist Attractions
            [freeadmission.jpg]
            Pay-For Tourist Attractions
            [ticket.jpg]
            Irish Tourist FAQ
            [touristoffice.jpg]
            Ireland Travel Guide
            [old-travel-guide.jpg]
            Map of Ireland
            Book of Kells
            Newgrange
            Clonmacnoise
            Giant's Causeway
            Rock of Cashel
            The GPO, Dublin

     * Culture & Reference
          +
            Reference Data about Ireland
            [referencedataireland.jpg]
            Irish Wedding Traditions
            [irishweddingtraditions.jpg]
            Saint Patrick
            [saintpatrick.jpg]
            Irish Recipes
            [irishrecipes.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Irish Music
            Irish Sayings & Blessings
            Saint Patrick's Day Traditions
            Irish Halloween Traditions
            Irish Christmas Traditions
            Irish Childhood Traditions
            Irish Mythology

     * Irish Stories
          +
            The Adventures of Conan From Tirdevlin
            [irish-stories.jpg]
            60 Lyrical yarns by Pat Watson
            [themonsterofloughree.jpg]
            Flavour of Ireland by Brian DeVon
            [tumblingclown.jpg]
            Mattie Lennon
            [mentalking.jpg]
            Michael Collins
            [oldphone.jpg]
            John B. McCabes
            [pylon.gif]
            Marie O'Byrne
            [washingline.jpg]
            Oscar Wilde
            G.B.Shaw
            Jonathan Swift
            J.M.Synge
            Bram Stoker
            Liam O'Flaherty
            Frank O'Connor
            Brendan Behan
            James Plunkett

     * Irish History
          +
            Brief History of Ireland
            [history-of-ireland.jpg]
            Easter 1916
            [easter1916rising.jpg]
            The Black Irish
            [spanisharmada.jpg]
            The Irish Famine
            [irishfamine.jpg]
            1798 Rebellion
            Dermot, Strongbow and the Invasion of Ireland
            The Titanic and Ireland
            The Vikings in Ireland
            The Ancient Ogham language
            Padraig Pearse
            Countess Markievicz
            Saint Patrick
            Saint Brigid
            Robert Emmet
            Kevin Barry
            Michael Collins
            Eamon deValera
            Sean Lemass
            Daniel O'Connell
            Charles Stewart Parnell
            Wolfe Tone
            Brian Boru
            Grace O'Malley

     * News from Ireland
          +
            Irish News Blog
            [irishnewsblog.jpg]
            The State of the Irish Nation 2017
            [dublinspire.jpg]
            The Legacy of TK Whitaker
            [tkwhitaker.jpg]
            Side-Effects of the Same-Sex Marriage Referendum
            [samesexreferendum.jpg]
            The Irish in WW1
            The Poppy Conundrum
            Irish Seanad Disgrace

     * Free Downloads
          +
            Free Photos of Ireland
            [gallarus.jpg]
            Irish Screensavers
            [irishscreensaver.jpg]
            Free Celtic Fonts
            [freecelticfonts.jpg]
            Free Celtic Clipart
            [freecelticclipart.jpg]
            Ireland Maps
            Free Ebooks
            History Reports
            Ireland Travel Guide
            Irish Stories
            Irish Music Lyrics
            Irish Recipes

     * Irish Gift Shop
          +
            CATEGORIES Family Crests
            Jewellery
            Flags
            Home Decor
            Framed Art
            Galway Crystal
            GIFTS YOU WONT FIND ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE WORLD! Heraldic Clock
            Christening Cup
            Marriage Print
            Irish Stamps Art
            Lyrics Plaques
            OCCASIONS Wedding
            Christmas
            Baby
            St. Patrick's Day
            GIFTS FOR... Gifts for Her
            Gifts for Him
            Baby & Kids

               [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg] DONT LEAVE IT TOO LATE TO
           GET THAT SPECIAL GIFT YOU NEED! [heart.jpg] [heart.jpg]

   [ad-plaque1.jpg]

   [ad-flag1.jpg]

   [home.png] Irish Culture & Reference

Irish Culture & Reference Information

Explore the vast culture of Ireland through its traditions, language, music
and more. Access also the basic reference informaion about Irlenad including
its geography, political system, institutions and more.

   Reference Information
   [referencedataireland.jpg]

Find some statistical or concise data about Ireland for your Report or
Project.

   Irish Traditional Music
   Irish Traditional Music

Lyrics and music from dozens of traditional Irish songs. Free to download and
enjoy.

   Ireland Maps
   [mapofireland2.jpg]

Statistical, Tourist and Historical Maps of Ireland for your project or
research.

   Free Newsletter From Ireland
   [ireland-newsletter.jpg]

   First Name: ____________________
   Email: ____________________
   Please Tick This Box: [ ]
   __________________________________
   Connect with Ireland
   please wait a moment...
   please wait a moment...
   Irish Phrases
   Irish Phrases

Gaelic phrases to get you started learning the Irish language, or just to
learn some for fun!

   Irish Sayings
   Irish Sayings

May the Road Rise to Meet You... Enjoy the unique way the Irish have of
offering a compliment as an insult!

   Irish Mythology
   Irish Mythology

Cuchulainn, the mysterious Scathach, Fionn MacCumhaill! Enjoy the fabulous
stories of Irish Mythology.

   Irish Wedding Traditions
   Irish Wedding Traditions

Everything you need to know anbout planning a traditional Irish Wedding.

   Irish Halloween Traditions
   Irish Halloween Traditions

Did you know that the Irish introduced the tradition of carving Pumpkins (but
first used Turnips!).

   Irish Christmas Traditions
   Irish Christmas Traditions

Learn about the Wren Boys, the Candle in the Window, the Laden Table and more
Irish Christmas traditions.

   St. Patrick's Day Traditions
   St. Patrick's Day Traditions

St. Patrick's Day is celebrated throughout the world. Find out about
Barnbrack and anti-Fairy measures!

   Irish Recipes
   Irish Recipes

Traditional Irish recipes to download and try out. Colcannon, Boxty, Irish
Soda Bread and dozens more.

   Fun & Games
   Irish Games

Play Hangman. Do a Quiz. Complete an Archetype Test. Free Kids Games.

   [facebook1.jpg]

   [twitter1.jpg]

   [googleplus1.jpg]

   [linkedin1.jpg]

   [pinterest1.jpg]

   [tumblr1.jpg]

   [tellafriend1.jpg]

   [contact1.jpg]

Contact

     * Go to Contact Form
     * Tel: ++ 353 1 2893860
       (from USA dial 011-353-1-2893860)
     * ireland-information.com,
       17 Páirc Ghrainbhil,
       Carraig Dubh,
       Contae Baile Átha Cliath,
       Ireland

Visitor Information
          + About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Frequently Asked Questions

Most Popular Irish Gifts
          + Family Crest Gifts
          + Irish Jewelry
          + Flags
       [irelandinformationlogo1.jpg]
       The Information about Ireland Site
       (C) Copyright - IrelandInformation.com, 1998-2017
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + Google+
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          +
          +
       Tell A Friend
       Contact Michael
                              IRISH LITERATURE

       Thanks for stopping by. Be sure to bookmark this page or even
       better, subscribe to our Free Newsletter (click here) as we are
       constantly adding new Irish literature for your reading pleasure.
       Click on the links below to see what is on offer. Enjoy!

                    Irish Literature Texts - Free for you
                   Irish Short Stories - Read them on-line
                    Irish Books - Delivered to your door
               Click here to tell a friend about this web site
                   Irish Literature Texts - Free for you!

   The famous Irish literature texts below are yours for the taking. It is
   one of our aims to promote Irish literature as much as possible and
   that is why we are providing this great free service. We are constantly
   adding new texts so we highly recommend that you subscribe to our free
   newsletter so that we can keep you informed. To subscribe click here.
   To get the text of any of the Irish literature works shown below:
   irish literature Direct your Mouse pointer to the text in the format to
   be saved
   irish literature Click the other button on your Mouse
   irish literature Select the 'save target as' or 'save link as' option
   irish literature Save it to your PC hard disk

   The Importance
   of being Earnest
                          Oscar Wilde
   RTF format-Click the other Mouse button here
   TXT format-Click the other Mouse button here
   The Dark Lady
   of the Sonnets
                          G.B.Shaw
   RTF format-Click the other Mouse button here
   TXT format-Click the other Mouse button here
   Gullivers
   Travels
                          Jonathan Swift
   RTF format-Click the other Mouse button here
   TXT format-Click the other Mouse button here
   The Playboy
   of the
   Western World
                          J.M.Synge
   RTF format-Click the other Mouse button here
   TXT format-Click the other Mouse button here
                                            Dracula
                          Bram Stoker
   RTF format-Click the other Mouse button here
   TXT format-Click the other Mouse button here

                          Back to top - Click Here
                       Read an Irish Short Story here
   Specially selected for your reading pleasure and only taking about
   twenty minutes each to read are these wonderful short stories from
   Ireland that you can read on-line. Enjoy!

   Janey Mary
   by James Plunkett

   This marvellous story of turn-of-the century poverty is brought to us
   by James Plunkett, the famed author of Strumpet City. CLICK HERE TO
   READ

   The Confirmation Suit
   by Brendan Behan

   A story of a boys terror of having to wear a home-made confirmation
   suit and the trouble this causes. Penned by Brendan Behan, one of
   Dublins favourite sons and the author of classics such as Borstal Boy
   and The Hostage. CLICK HERE TO READ
   The First Confession
   by Frank O'Connor
   Frank O'Connors famous story about the inner conflict felt by a young
   boy prior to making his First Confession. CLICK HERE TO READ
   The Reaping Race
   by Liam O'Flaherty
   The author of The Informer and Famine delights us with this wonderfully
   told tale of the competitive spirit in a remote seaboard location.
   Three local reapers have entered the competition to complete the
   reaping of a field. Who will be the first to finish? CLICK HERE TO READ

                          Back to top - Click Here
                    Irish Books - delivered to your door!

   Why not send a gift or treat yourself by buying some great Irish
   literature at discounted prices from Amazon.com - the worlds biggest
   bookstore. Support The Information about Ireland Site and help us to
   continue to provide tons of free information for your use.
   Amazon.com can take payment over their secure transaction form so you
   can shop in confidence. They can also gift wrap your purchase and send
   it to the lucky recipient of your choice.

   Angelas Ashes
   This critically acclaimed and bestselling memoir of a terribly painful
   childhood is elevated above most any other stories of family problems
   by the sheer grace of the writing. Frank McCourt, who was born in
   Brooklyn but grew up in the slums of Limerick, Ireland, touchingly
   conveys the constant pains and occasional soaring joys of an
          impoverished childhood. by Frank McCourt:
   Click here to see discount price
   Click here to see discount price
   Echoes
   From the author of Circle of Friends and The Glass Lake . Clare and
   David--divided as children by a rigid social code that branded her as
   shanty Irish and him as gentry...brought together as adults by a desire
   that knew no class, no barriers, only the urgent hunger of two people
   destined to love--and ready to defy a world determined to keep them
          apart.                  by Maeve Binchy
   Click here to see discount price
   Click here to see discount price
   The woman who walked into doors
   Roddy Doyle follows Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha , winner of the Booker Prize,
   and The Commitments with another remarkable book that readers will find
   funny, sexy, and sad. He takes an unflinching look at the life of Paula
   Spencer as she struggles to regain her dignity after marriage to an
   abusive husband and a worsening drinking problem. Capturing both her
   vulnerability and her strength, Doyle gives Paula a voice that is real
          and unforgettable.      by Roddy Doyle
   Click here to see discount price
   Click here to see discount price
                                  Under the Hawthorn Tree
                                  by Marita Conlon-McKenna
                                  Click here to see discount price
                                  The Country Girls
                                  by Edna O'Brien
                                  Click here to see discount price

    Could not find the book you wanted in the list above? No Problem! Use
       the form below to do a search of the millions of books held by
     Amazon.com. Enter the title of the book, the author, or any keyword
                      that might give a result. Try it!

                                 Search Now:

                                 __________

   Go
   In Association with Amazon.com

                          Back to top - Click Here

        HOME     GENEALOGY & IRISH NAMES TOURIST RESEARCH IRELAND NEWS DOWNLOADS
 FUN COMMUNICATE          SHOP            MORE   CONTACT    SITE MAP

   by Michael Green Google+
   (C) Copyright - The Information about Ireland Site, 1998-2017
   P.O. Box 9142, Blackrock, County Dublin, Ireland
   Tel: ++ 353 1 2893860
   (Office Hours: 9am to 6pm GMT = 4am to 1pm EST
   Feel free to contact us by going here
   or by telephone or postal mail as shown above.
   Drop us a line - we will reply!
