    [tr?id=589087511427057&amp;ev=PageView&amp;noscript=1]

   (BUTTON) Toggle navigationLinked Helper
     * Home
     * Features
     * Reviews
     * Prices
     * Download
     * Contact UsContact Us
     * Terms of use
     * Privacy policy
     * User Manual
     * Blog

Linked Helper - The Best LinkedIn Automation Tool

   [linkedhelper-white.png]

Automate your work with LinkedIn
LinkedIn Sales Navigator
LinkedIn Recruiter (Full & Lite)

     * Get thousands of targeted contacts by sending personalised
       invitations to 2nd & 3rd contacts
     * Auto-mailing system, Auto-Responder, Sequential Messaging to 1st
       connections or LinkedIn Group Members
     * Automatic Profiles Visiting & Export to CSV file (Google Sheets /
       MS Excel)
     * Build targeted mailing list
     * Boost your profile and get hundreds of endorsements from other
       users in no time
     * Invite 1st connections to join a LinkedIn Group
     * Endorse your contacts automatically to get endorsments in return
     * Automatically add your signature to messages
     * Automatically follow or un-follow LinkedIn connections
     * Automatically withdraw sent pending invitations (invites canceller)
     * Powerful Lists manager - allows to build your own lead generation
       funnel and avoid intersections between campaigns

     * Learn more
     * Try for free

   [toprated.png]
   [invite.jpg]
   Download and try for free

Linked Helper Reviews

   What our clients think about (in Chrome Web Store)

Sandy Allain

   It is the best program that I have found so far for Linkedin Marketing.
   I am very impressed with all the tools and functions that the program
   offer. It worth every penny!!! GOOD JOB!!!

Joey Sullivan

   Fairly priced and incredibly utilitarian. It is amazing with
   automation. A huge time saver.

Gary Curtis

   This is an amazing tool.. It has not only given me access to
   multiplying my LinkedIn account & work, it has reduced the time more
   than half. I was about to contract this lead generation out to VA's but
   now I can do it myself.. Cheers guys!

Maverick Blair

   This a great tool for building your connections and endorsements. This
   will pay for itself with bringing you to the top of search result when
   looking for new opportunities. Also, if you are using LinkedIn as a
   marketing platform for promoting your business, products or services,
   the broadcasting tool is a MUST HAVE for reaching out and targeting
   specific connections within your network.

Stephan Stavrakis

   Pretty amazing program. It's clean and just works. I especially like
   the fact that I can run 3 different events at the same time. I've tried
   to use many LI extensions. None of them run as well as this. Also the
   author Alexander amazing with his support. Whenever I have a question,
   he answers almost immediately! 5 Stars.. Don't even look at another
   automated LI program this one clearly is the most functional and
   supported Period.

Martin Bentley-Gibbons

   What an exceptional tool to have. This will change how you work every
   part of your business connections. Worth taking the time to get to know
   it well.

Brett Leavitt

   Ok not only is this the best automation platform but I have triple my
   business in one week. Cant wait to test the limits and so far I see
   none. Super exciting thanks Alex!!

Michael Bradshaw

   This extension is awesome! It makes social media marketing so much
   easier. I was having to go through and connect for hours this helps me
   connect to a very specific group of people and does it in the
   background while I focus on other projects. Worth the money all the
   way. Top notch customer support as well! Always quick to answer emails
   and very friendly.

Scott Ricks

   Fantastic work on the development of this app. It has been a tremendous
   help with my campaigns with the automate services. Not with only in
   getting new contacts, but also maintaining a relationship with current
   contacts with endorsing, The message module is a brillant idea and I
   will be utilizing this just as much as collecting names.

Marina Mochalina

   Hey There! This tool is awesome! Perfect solution for Sales and HR!

Limesh Parekh

   Awesome Product with great idea. Makes your life extremely easy.

Aaron Moss

   Easy installation, the "How To" videos are straight forward and
   helpful, and the user manual is user friendly, great product!

Guy Wilson

   I have use several Linkedin tools and this is by far the best. It has
   all the functions of others and more. Our time is so valuable and this
   will save many hours. Also the support provided has been exceptionally
   good. Worth studying the documentation and getting to know how it
   works.

Erwin Amesz

   Beste Linkedin add-on ever, Benaderen van contacten, bezoeken van
   Linkedin-profielen, het sturen van boodschappen, het extraheren van
   Linkedin info voor je eigen ATS systeem. Linked Helper kan echt alles.
   Beter dan Dux-Soup en goedkoper. De maker staat klaar om je te helpen,
   er zijn video instructies etc etc. Meteen voor 12 maanden aangeschaft!

Ainhoa Gómez Beltrán

   Es una herramienta útil y versátil. Con una buena estrategia para tus
   objetivos y un buen uso, se consiguen grandes resultados. En mis
   formaciones de Social Selling la suelo aconsejar.

Mikael Yang

   Great extension if you want to get LinkedIn endorsements!

Ferguson

   This is an awesome tool. Of course I had my doubts at the beginning
   when I first came across it but it was cleared. If you are reading this
   and wondering if it's worth it, please stop wondering now and just go
   for it, it's totally worth it. The support is great, the speed at which
   my questions were being responded to it was as if they never sleep. If
   only I could give it 10 stars.

LOKESH MEGHWAL

   I like it better than all the rest of the software's out there (
   Linkedomata, Linkedeep etc.) The functionality provided is really not
   available elsewhere and gives you flexibility to do almost all of the
   things that you want to do with LinkedIn. Its so automated that I don't
   have to even look at my LinkedIn profile and its building its network
   by itself! On additional note I want to say that the support provided
   by the leadership team is commendable...

Mark Ray

   Good program. Good support. Finally a person who understands the value
   of good service. I hear there are some improvements in the works to
   make a great program even better.

Ramon Vidal

   Una gran herramienta de automatización para optimizar tu red de
   contactos en LinkedIn.

Woody Clark

   Absolutely great tool for LinkedIn users in sales!

Vladislav Kamozin

   I had liked this program as it is possible to add quickly partners and
   colleagues and to send letters, only the target audience! I strongly
   recommend all!

David Carnsew

   I really love LinkedIn Helper. It has saved me plenty of time by via
   its slick automation and has grown my LinkedIn network profile by far.
   The LinkedIn interface is dead simple to use and anyone can operate it
   plus the YouTube videos make it even simpler. What more could you ask
   for? Great plugin, great support !!

Vladislav Golovin

   This is the LinkedIn automation tool that actually works. Lots of
   useful functions. Well done!

David Escandon

   I use LinkedIn to build my network of professionals. Linked Helper has
   made it easier to find and connect with people. The tool has features
   that make the process much easier. I would recommend this extension to
   anyone that is expanding their social brand on LinkedIn. Great job to
   Team Linked Helper--keep up the great job.

Expand your social networks to an unlimited number of contacts in a few steps

     *

Open LinkedIn or Sales Navigator or Recruiter Lite search page and your
filters
     *

Choose Relationship : 2nd or 3rd
     *

Choose "Collect, Select & Invite 2nd contacts" from dropdown menu
     *

Click "Collect contacts for inviting"
     *

Set invitation message template using {firstname}, {lastname}, {company} &
{position} variables
     *

Click "Start profiles inviting"

   Try for free

Auto mailing system to reach your business partners | Message sequence to 1st
connections

     *

Open LinkedIn OR Sales Navigator or Recruiter Lite search page and set your
filters
     *

Choose Relationship: «1nd Connections »
     *

Set filters and press “Collect message recipients”
     *

Check collected contacts before sending
     *

Create a message template, using the variables {firstname} & {lastname} that
will be replaced with the recipient’s first name & last name in each message
     *

Press «Start message broadcast»

   Try for free

Autoresponder for LinkedIn : send messages to recently added connections

     *

Choose inviting campaign
     *

Set your template for follow up message
     *

Click Run auto-responder

   Try for free

Send messages to LinkedIn Group Members

   current LinkedIn limit is 15 messages a month for group members out of
   your 1st level network
     *

Open Linked Group page
     *

Create new broadcast campaign
     *

press “Collect message recipients”
     *

Create a message template, using the variables {firstname} & {lastname} that
will be replaced with the recipient’s first name & last name in each message
     *

Press «Start message broadcast»

   Try for free

Invite 1st connections to join a LinkedIn Group

     *

Collect 1st connections from search page (normal LinkedIn | Sales Navigator |
Recruiter), My Connections page, Alumni page
     *

Go to group page
     *

press "Invite collected"

   Try for free

Export your LinkedIn contacts to CSV file / Build targeted mailing list

     *

Go to “Profiles extractor” settings. Choose create new list, type list name
and click “Add” button
     *

Go to search page. Set your search criteria. Set Relationship: «1st
Connections»; And press “Collect contacts from search”
     *

Go to “Extract” tab and click “Extract collected profiled”
     *

Go to “Export” tab and click “Download CSV File”. By default CSV file will be
created compatible with Google Sheets, but you can switch to MS Excel format

   Try for free

Boost your profile and get hundreds of endorsements

   from other users in no time. The tool does everything for you. Linked
   Helper automatically sends endorsements to all your contacts. Between
   10% to 30% on your contact list will endorse you in return.
     *

Press «Collect contacts for endorse»
     *

Open Linkedin.com in a separate tab or window
     *

Press «Endorse my contacts»
       Try for free

Automatically add your signature to messages

     *

Go to "My signature" settings
     *

Write your signature & click Save button
     *

Switch-on "Adds signature" mode

   Try for free

Profiles Auto-visitor - another way to generate leads from LinkedIn

     *

Go to “Profiles Auto-visitor” settings. Choose create new list, type list
name and click “Add” button
     *

Go to search page. Set your search criteria and press “Collect contacts for
auto-visiting”
     *

Click "View collected" to check list and statistics
     *

Go to “Visit” tab and click “Start profiles auto-visiting”
     *

Go to “Export” tab and click “Download CSV File”. By default CSV file will be
created compatible with Google Sheets, but you can switch to MS Excel format

   Try for free

Profiles Auto-Follower

     *

Go to “Profiles Auto-Follower” settings. Create new list
     *

Go to search page. Set your search criteria and press “Collect contacts”
button
     *

Go to “Follow” tab and click “Start following”
     *

Go to “Export” tab and click “Download CSV File”. By default CSV file will be
created compatible with Google Sheets, but you can switch to MS Excel format

   Try for free

Inmails to 2nd & 3rd level contacts

     *

Open LinkedIn OR Sales Navigator or Recruiter Lite search page and set your
filters
     *

Choose Relationship: «2nd or 2nd & 3rd Connections »
     *

Click “Collect contacts”
     *

Check collected contacts before sending
     *

Create a message template, using the variables {firstname} & {lastname} that
will be replaced with the recipient’s first name & last name in each message
     *

Press «Start broadcast»

   Try for free

Companies Extractor

   into a CSV file with almost all available information on a company page
   including websites and company size
     *

Target companies via normal LinkedIn search page or Sales Navigator accounts
search
     *

Or upload companies pages URLs to be extracted
       Try for free

Get emails of 2nd & 3rd level contacts with  Snov.io

   Snov.io is not included in Linked Helper package, but you can buy it
   separately

   With Linked Helper "Profiles Extractor" you can get emails of your 1st
   level contacts without using any other tools
   Try for free

Connections Remover

   you can invite more people, if you already have 30 000 connections!
     *

Go to “Connections Remover” settings. Create new list
     *

Go to search page. Set your search criteria and press “Collect contacts”
button
     *

Go to “Remove” tab and click “Start removing”
       Try for free

Plans & Pricing

   Your time is gold!

Private & Enterprise Use

   prices for single (one browser) installation

   Unlimited
     * $15 per month (1 month payment $15)
     * $13.33 per month (3 months payment $40)
     * $10 per month (6 months payment $60)
     * $8.25 per month (12 months payment $99)

   Try for free
   Buy a new license

   *single (one browser) installation - this means that you can’t use
   single license on multiple computers or Chrome installations
   simultaneously. But you can switch license between computers / Chrome
   installations. Also single license allows you to manage multiple
   LinkedIn accounts by logging off from one LinkedIn account and
   logging-in to another

Contact Us

   Linked Helper

   Contact Information

   Payment Systems
     * info@linkedhelper.com
