   #alternate alternate

   [tr?id=700687303417748 &ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Music Knowledge Technology

     * Home
     * Products
          + Experience
               o Reactable Experience
               o Museum & Exhibitions
               o Hotels & Lounges
               o Customize
          + Live!
          + Mobile
          + ROTOR
               o ROTOR
               o ROTOR vs. Mobile
               o Tech Specs
               o Videos
               o Renowned artists are sharing their sounds in ROTOR
               o Controllers Set
          + STEPS
          + SNAP
     * Community
     * Events
     * Contact us

   ____________________ Submit
     *

LET´S CREATE MUSIC

   HOTELS & MUSEUMS

HOTELS & MUSEUMS

   LIVE! FOR ARTISTS

LIVE! FOR ARTISTS

TOUCH THE TABLE, PLACE THE OBJECTS, AND MOVE THEM TO MAKE MUSIC

OUR COMPANY
     __________________________________________________________________

Reactable Systems

   The Reactable was conceived and developed since 2003 by a research team
   at the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona. Sergi Jordà, Günter
   Geiger, Martin Kaltenbrunner and Marcos Alonso presented their creation
   for the first time in a public concert at the International Computer
   Music Conference 2005 in Barcelona. In 2009 the company Reactable
   Systems was founded to meet the demand and to further develop the
   instrument and its possibilities.

REACTABLE´S MEDIA GALLERY

   IFRAME: http://www.youtube.com/embed/VqrWF7kG_Wk?wmode=opaque&loop=1

Additional information

     * About us
     * Terms & Conditions

   Reactable Systems SL
     *
     *
     *
     *
   [tr?id=700687303417748 &ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Music Knowledge Technology
     * Home
     * Products
          + Experience
               o Reactable Experience
               o Museum & Exhibitions
               o Hotels & Lounges
               o Customize
          + Live!
          + Mobile
          + ROTOR
               o ROTOR
               o ROTOR vs. Mobile
               o Tech Specs
               o Videos
               o Renowned artists are sharing their sounds in ROTOR
               o Controllers Set
          + STEPS
          + SNAP
     * Community
     * Events
     * Contact us

   ____________________ Submit

0 results found for: {search_term_string}

Additional information

     * About us
     * Terms & Conditions

   Reactable Systems SL
     *
     *
     *
     *


   #alternate alternate

   [tr?id=700687303417748 &ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Music Knowledge Technology

     * Home
     * Products
          + Experience
               o Reactable Experience
               o Museum & Exhibitions
               o Hotels & Lounges
               o Customize
          + Live!
          + Mobile
          + ROTOR
               o ROTOR
               o ROTOR vs. Mobile
               o Tech Specs
               o Videos
               o Renowned artists are sharing their sounds in ROTOR
               o Controllers Set
          + STEPS
          + SNAP
     * Community
     * Events
     * Contact us

   ____________________ Submit

Cart

     * Home
     * Cart

   Your cart is currently empty.

   Your cart is currently empty.
   Return To Shop

Additional information

     * About us
     * Terms & Conditions

   Reactable Systems SL
     *
     *
     *
     *
   #alternate alternate

   [tr?id=700687303417748 &ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Music Knowledge Technology

     * Home
     * Products
          + Experience
               o Reactable Experience
               o Museum & Exhibitions
               o Hotels & Lounges
               o Customize
          + Live!
          + Mobile
          + ROTOR
               o ROTOR
               o ROTOR vs. Mobile
               o Tech Specs
               o Videos
               o Renowned artists are sharing their sounds in ROTOR
               o Controllers Set
          + STEPS
          + SNAP
     * Community
     * Events
     * Contact us

   ____________________ Submit

About us

     * Home
     * About us

Reactable history

The Reactable was conceived and developed since 2003 by a research team at
the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona. Sergi Jordà, Günter Geiger, Martin
Kaltenbrunner and Marcos Alonso presented their creation for the first time
in a public concert at the International Computer Music Conference 2005 in
Barcelona. In 2009 the company Reactable Systems was founded to meet the
demand and to further develop the instrument and its possibilities.
The instrument got known to a wider audience when the team released several
demonstration videos on Youtube in late 2006, which up to now have been
watched more than six million times. After seeing the demonstration videos,
Icelandic singer-songwriter Björk successfully incorporated the Reactable on
her world tour Volta (2007-2008), where Damian Taylor played the Reactable at
the big stage during about 80 concerts. With Matt Robertson on the Reactable,
Björk continued to use the instrument during her Biophilia tour (2011-2013).
Other eminent musicians use the instrument for their music, in shows and
videos, most recently Coldplay who debuted their Reactable at the iTunes
Festival 2014. In parallel, during the last years, the Reactable team has
given more than 200 presentations and concerts in over 30 countries.
Following an overwhelming response within the blogosphere, the Reactable was
featured in various major TV and print magazines, becoming one of the most
popular and worldwide acclaimed new musical instruments of the early 21st
century. Declared the Hot Instrument of the Year by the Rolling Stone
Magazine (2007), the Reactable has also received several prestigious
international awards such as the Prix Ars Electronica Golden Nica for Digital
Musics (2008), two D&AD Yellow Pencil Awards (2008), the MIDEM Hottest Music
Biz Start-Up Award (2008) or the prize Ciutat de Barcelona (2007).
     __________________________________________________________________

Additional information

     * About us
     * Terms & Conditions

   Reactable Systems SL
     *
     *
     *
     *
