   Skip to main content

   This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your
   browser.

   Home EURAXESS FRANCE
   (BUTTON) EURAXESS FRANCE
   (BUTTON) Toggle navigation
     *
     * Jobs &
       Funding More
       Working environment
          + Charter & Code for Researchers
          + Human Resources Strategy for Researchers (HRS4R)
       Career Development
          + Doctoral Training Principles
          + Career Development Centres

        search jobs
        Offer jobs
        Find funding
     * Partnering More
       FIND MEMBERS
       FIND ORGANISATIONS
       UPDATE YOUR PROFILE

       Partnering
     * Information
       & Assistance More
       Living in France
          + Get ready for your stay
          + Accommodation
          + Entry conditions/visas
          + Social security
          + Family
          + French banking system
          + French language and culture
       Working in France
          + Work permit
          + Taxation
          + Working time & holidays
          + Recognition of diplomas
          + Unemployment rights
          + Gender equality in workplace
          + Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)
          + Career development
       Leaving France
          + Departure checklist
          + Job opportunities
          + Funding opportunities
        Search for information
        Find Personal Assistance
     * France
       Network
     * About Us More
        Disclaimer
     * Login /
       Register

   What
   ______________________________
   (Start search) Start search

Languages

     * English
     * Français


   EURAXESS EURAXESS EURAXESS

   EURAXESS

How can we help you?

   I am
   [Please select___________________]
   I want
   [Please select__________________________]
   [Please select______________________]
   [Please select_______________________________________]
   [Please select__________________________]
   (Search) Search



Welcome to the French national EURAXESS portal!


   You will find here all the necessary assistance and information to the
   mobile researchers, with the support of our network of services
   centres. If you’re looking for information about entry procedures,
   social security, legal issues, postdoctoral positions and research
   jobs, this website is for you!

   You will also find the contact details of all the services centres
   available in France, as well as information related to the entry and
   residence conditions on the French territory, accommodation and all you
   need to prepare a successful stay in the hexagon.

   EURAXESS FRANCE is member of the European Commission initiative,
   gathering 500 services centres assisting EU and non-EU researchers in
   40 countries.

   All services of the EURAXESS Network are free of charge.


   DISCOVER EURAXESS IN France

   ANNA VILLARES

When I was thinking about performing a research stay in a foreign country, I
would have never imagined that I would choose Nantes as my receiving city.
However, when I started to search for scientific groups working in
polysaccharides and their characterization, the INRA-Nantes attracted my
attention because of the quality, dynamism and efficiency of researchers
working in this unit.


   VAHAN MALKHASYAN

I was accepted to do my PhD in University of Franche-Comté, in FEMTO-ST
institute. Before my arrival in Besançon, I faced several administrative
problems, like finding a place to stay, procedures of obtaining hosting
agreement from university for working permit, registering in Doctoral School.

Thanks to EURAXESS representative in UFC, whose contacts I got from my
supervisor, all obstacles had been solved promptly.


   AMIT KHUMAR

I am a postdoctoral fellow in Department of Virology, at the University of
Franche-Comté.

I have been living in France since September 2012. Before leaving India, I
contacted EURAXESS Service Centre of Besançon for our initial settlement in
Besançon. EURAXESS promptly replied to each and every query and helped us
finding lodgment in Besançon, getting a residence permit, opening a bank
account, getting health insurance card ("Carte Vitale"), house insurance,
complementary insurance and many more. In addition, they also suggested the
centers where we could learn French.


   JACOPO BRUTTINI

I am an Italian researcher from Siena (Tuscany), working mainly in the field
of urban archaeology. My degree and PhD thesis concern the survey done in the
Third Courtyard of Palazzo Vecchio, the Town Hall of Florence. After winning
the "Premio Ottone d'Assia-Riccardo Francovich", a prize for the best work in
medieval archaeology open to applicants up to age 35, I decided to try an
international experience. I found an opportunity which allowed me to develop
my skills and my knowledge at the University François-Rabelais of Tours, in
the archaeological unit called "CITERES". Thanks to a grant I spent one year
in Tours enjoying the French lifestyle.





   (BUTTON) ×

Private

   Please login to access this functionality.

   Login / Free Registration
   (BUTTON) Close



     *
     *
     *

   JOBS & FUNDING
     * Search Job Offers
     * Find funding

   Partnering
     * Find Members
     * Find Organisations

   Information & Assistance
     * Find Information
     * Find Personal Assistance

   France Network

   About Us

   MY EURAXESS

     * Login
     * Register

   welcome
