

   #Unified Communications » Feed Unified Communications » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Give us a call on 03330 110 400|info@unifyus.com
   TwitterLinkedIn
   Unified Communications Logo Unified Communications Logo

     * Contact Centre Solutions
          + Moving to the Cloud
          + Cloud Contact Centre
          + Inbound Telephony
          + 08 vs 03 numbers
          + CRM Integration
          + Salesforce Contact Centre Integration
          + Omnichannel
          + PCI Payments
          + Workforce Optimisation
          + Speech Analytics
          + Workforce Management
     * Unified Communications
          + Enterprise Telephony
          + Collaboration
     * Consulting & Services
          + Zendesk Services
          + Customer Experience Tune Up
          + Contact Centre & Enterprise Transformation
          + Project Management
          + Training
          + Integration
          + Support
     * Partners
          + NICE inContact
          + Serenova
          + Zendesk
          + Gamma
          + Fuze
          + Verint
          + Eckoh
          + Teleopti
          + Key IVR
          + Mazaru
     * All About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Why Unify
          + Our Customers
          + Careers at Unify
     * Resource Centre
          + Blog

     * Contact Centre Solutions
          + Moving to the Cloud
          + Cloud Contact Centre
          + Inbound Telephony
          + 08 vs 03 numbers
          + CRM Integration
          + Salesforce Contact Centre Integration
          + Omnichannel
          + PCI Payments
          + Workforce Optimisation
          + Speech Analytics
          + Workforce Management
     * Unified Communications
          + Enterprise Telephony
          + Collaboration
     * Consulting & Services
          + Zendesk Services
          + Customer Experience Tune Up
          + Contact Centre & Enterprise Transformation
          + Project Management
          + Training
          + Integration
          + Support
     * Partners
          + NICE inContact
          + Serenova
          + Zendesk
          + Gamma
          + Fuze
          + Verint
          + Eckoh
          + Teleopti
          + Key IVR
          + Mazaru
     * All About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Why Unify
          + Our Customers
          + Careers at Unify
     * Resource Centre
          + Blog

   HomeUnify@S2019-09-16T11:06:58+01:00

Enterprise, UC & Contact Centre Transformation Made Simple

   Learn more

Exceptional Customer Experiences with Unify Communications

Click to explore:

   Contact Centre Solutions

Contact Centre Solutions

   Enterprise Telephony Solutions

Enterprise Telephony

   Unified Communications Solutions

Unified Communications

Cloud contact centre software and unified communications solutions designed
to delight your customers. By streamlining complex infrastructures,
consolidating client information, providing impressive functionality and
giving you full visibility of all valuable insights,  we can help you take
your customer service strategy to the next level.

   Contact Us
   UK CX Decision Makers' Guide 2019/20

The UK CX Decision-Makers’ Guide 2019/20

Brought to you by ContactBabel, sponsored by Unify. ContactBabel’s annual UK
Contact Centre Decision-Makers’ Guides have become the benchmark for
up-to-date and insightful coverage of the contact centre industry. Based on
surveys of over 200 UK organisations’ CX strategies, practices, technologies
and plans, don’t miss out on these exclusive insights.

Download your copy of the report for data and analysis on CX budgets and ROI
(split by investment types and channel), the focus of CX improvement
programmes, and the most important CX factors, as judged by organisations and
consumers.

   DOWNLOAD

Happy customers, happy workforce, happy days

Customer experience solutions to delight your customers. Provide seamless
omnichannel customer experiences by streamlining complex infrastructures,
consolidating software and information silos, and increasing reporting and
data visibility.

Take your customer experience to the next level.

Working with the leading players in the market, we can give you the best
independent advice on the right platform for your business. Our project team
will ensure a smooth transition, continuing optimisation and reliable
support, 24/7.

Those all-important extras

Because transforming your customer experience is about more than just phone
lines. Check out some of the additional services we offer:

SPEECH ANALYTICS

SPEECH ANALYTICS

   Gain insight from each and every customer interaction
   FIND OUT MORE

CRM INTEGRATION

CRM INTEGRATION

   Integrate with any CRM solution through our clever APIs
   FIND OUT MORE

COLLABORATION

COLLABORATION

   Collaboration tools and conferencing solutions
   FIND OUT MORE

WORKFORCE MANAGEMENT

WORKFORCE MANAGEMENT

   Fully utilise your resources, eliminating unnecessary costs
   FIND OUT MORE

PAYMENT SOLUTIONS

PAYMENT SOLUTIONS

   Remain compliant by using our solution when taking payments
   FIND OUT MORE

SUPPORT

SUPPORT

   Enjoy peace of mind, knowing that you’re in the best hands
   FIND OUT MORE

Used by well-known brands across the globe

Our local, national and international customers put the success of their
customer experience and communications in our hands:

   Unify Customers

Powered by industry leading vendor technology

   More about our partners

See the technology in action

   REQUEST A DEMO

CX Workshop – London – 17th October 2019

Unify Communications presents an exclusive 1-day workshop exploring how
businesses can deliver next-gen omnichannel customer service without
compromising on quality or incurring huge cost.

With discussions around sweating your existing technology assets, creating
real “wow”moments for your customers, and powering intelligent operational
decision making, this event is not to be missed.

   LEARN MORE

OUR PRODUCTS

     * Cloud Contact Centre
     * Unified Communications
     * Enterprise Telephony
     * Omnichannel
     * Workforce Optimisation
     * Workforce Management
     * Speech Analytics
     * PCI Compliance

USEFUL INFORMATION

     * Why Unify?
     * Consulting and Services
     * Our Customers
     * Unify Blog
     * Useful Content
     * Contact Us

   GDPR Privacy Policy

   GDPR Cookie Policy

Recent Tweets

   Tweets by @Unifycomm

Recent Works

   CX Benchmarking Report Holland & Barrett Case Study Ultimate Guide to
   Telephone Numbers Affinity Workforce happy customers happy bottom line
   PCI Compliant Payments workforce productivity unified communications
   Aragon Report Unified Communications REPORT CIOs World of Work WFM
   Vendor DMG report

   Unify Communications ISO Accreditation Logo

   All Rights Reserved | Unify Communications Ltd. | Company Registration
   Number 08325675
   TwitterLinkedIn
   #Unified Communications » Feed Unified Communications » Comments Feed
   Unified Communications » Search Results for “{search_term_string}” Feed

   Skip to content

   Give us a call on 03330 110 400|info@unifyus.com
   TwitterLinkedIn
   Unified Communications Logo Unified Communications Logo

     * Contact Centre Solutions
          + Moving to the Cloud
          + Cloud Contact Centre
          + Inbound Telephony
          + 08 vs 03 numbers
          + CRM Integration
          + Salesforce Contact Centre Integration
          + Omnichannel
          + PCI Payments
          + Workforce Optimisation
          + Speech Analytics
          + Workforce Management
     * Unified Communications
          + Enterprise Telephony
          + Collaboration
     * Consulting & Services
          + Zendesk Services
          + Customer Experience Tune Up
          + Contact Centre & Enterprise Transformation
          + Project Management
          + Training
          + Integration
          + Support
     * Partners
          + NICE inContact
          + Serenova
          + Zendesk
          + Gamma
          + Fuze
          + Verint
          + Eckoh
          + Teleopti
          + Key IVR
          + Mazaru
     * All About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Why Unify
          + Our Customers
          + Careers at Unify
     * Resource Centre
          + Blog

     * Contact Centre Solutions
          + Moving to the Cloud
          + Cloud Contact Centre
          + Inbound Telephony
          + 08 vs 03 numbers
          + CRM Integration
          + Salesforce Contact Centre Integration
          + Omnichannel
          + PCI Payments
          + Workforce Optimisation
          + Speech Analytics
          + Workforce Management
     * Unified Communications
          + Enterprise Telephony
          + Collaboration
     * Consulting & Services
          + Zendesk Services
          + Customer Experience Tune Up
          + Contact Centre & Enterprise Transformation
          + Project Management
          + Training
          + Integration
          + Support
     * Partners
          + NICE inContact
          + Serenova
          + Zendesk
          + Gamma
          + Fuze
          + Verint
          + Eckoh
          + Teleopti
          + Key IVR
          + Mazaru
     * All About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Why Unify
          + Our Customers
          + Careers at Unify
     * Resource Centre
          + Blog

Couldn't find what you're looking for!

Oops!

Helpful Links:

     * About Unify
     * Products & Services
     * Our Customers
     * Resources
     * Blog
     * Contact Us

Try again

   If you want to rephrase your query, here is your chance:
   Search for: ____________________
   

Search by category:

     * Call Centre Technology (14)
     * Cloud Technology (12)
     * Customer Experience (15)
     * Events (9)
     * General (7)
     * Industry News (8)
     * Infographics (2)
     * Omnichannel (10)
     * Press Releases (10)
     * Uncategorised (6)
     * Unify News (15)

Our recent posts:

     * Unify Named Fuze Partner of the Year
     * Unify Ranked in Sunday Times Tech Track 100
     * 5 Questions to Ask Your Future Communications Provider
     * Is Poor CX Tech Holding You Back?
     * Final Speaker Confirmed – Retail CX Event
     * Winning Night for Unify Communications – Business Scoops Two Top
       Awards in the Same Evening.
     * UC Transformation Event 2019: A Write-Up
     * Download the Slides from our UC Transformation Event

OUR PRODUCTS

     * Cloud Contact Centre
     * Unified Communications
     * Enterprise Telephony
     * Omnichannel
     * Workforce Optimisation
     * Workforce Management
     * Speech Analytics
     * PCI Compliance

USEFUL INFORMATION

     * Why Unify?
     * Consulting and Services
     * Our Customers
     * Unify Blog
     * Useful Content
     * Contact Us

   GDPR Privacy Policy

   GDPR Cookie Policy

Recent Tweets

   Tweets by @Unifycomm

Recent Works

   CX Benchmarking Report Holland & Barrett Case Study Ultimate Guide to
   Telephone Numbers Affinity Workforce happy customers happy bottom line
   PCI Compliant Payments workforce productivity unified communications
   Aragon Report Unified Communications REPORT CIOs World of Work WFM
   Vendor DMG report

   Unify Communications ISO Accreditation Logo

   All Rights Reserved | Unify Communications Ltd. | Company Registration
   Number 08325675
   TwitterLinkedIn


                    Index of /wp-content/uploads/asp_upload

   [ICO] Name Last modified Size Description
     __________________________________________________________________

   [PARENTDIR] Parent Directory   -
   [TXT] index.html 2018-03-15 12:25 0
   [TXT] style.instances.css 2019-08-05 12:05 37K
     __________________________________________________________________


    Apache/2.4.7 (Ubuntu) Server at www.unifyus.com Port 443
   #Unified Communications » Feed Unified Communications » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Give us a call on 03330 110 400|info@unifyus.com
   TwitterLinkedIn
   Unified Communications Logo Unified Communications Logo

     * Contact Centre Solutions
          + Moving to the Cloud
          + Cloud Contact Centre
          + Inbound Telephony
          + 08 vs 03 numbers
          + CRM Integration
          + Salesforce Contact Centre Integration
          + Omnichannel
          + PCI Payments
          + Workforce Optimisation
          + Speech Analytics
          + Workforce Management
     * Unified Communications
          + Enterprise Telephony
          + Collaboration
     * Consulting & Services
          + Zendesk Services
          + Customer Experience Tune Up
          + Contact Centre & Enterprise Transformation
          + Project Management
          + Training
          + Integration
          + Support
     * Partners
          + NICE inContact
          + Serenova
          + Zendesk
          + Gamma
          + Fuze
          + Verint
          + Eckoh
          + Teleopti
          + Key IVR
          + Mazaru
     * All About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Why Unify
          + Our Customers
          + Careers at Unify
     * Resource Centre
          + Blog

     * Contact Centre Solutions
          + Moving to the Cloud
          + Cloud Contact Centre
          + Inbound Telephony
          + 08 vs 03 numbers
          + CRM Integration
          + Salesforce Contact Centre Integration
          + Omnichannel
          + PCI Payments
          + Workforce Optimisation
          + Speech Analytics
          + Workforce Management
     * Unified Communications
          + Enterprise Telephony
          + Collaboration
     * Consulting & Services
          + Zendesk Services
          + Customer Experience Tune Up
          + Contact Centre & Enterprise Transformation
          + Project Management
          + Training
          + Integration
          + Support
     * Partners
          + NICE inContact
          + Serenova
          + Zendesk
          + Gamma
          + Fuze
          + Verint
          + Eckoh
          + Teleopti
          + Key IVR
          + Mazaru
     * All About Us
          + Contact Us
          + Why Unify
          + Our Customers
          + Careers at Unify
     * Resource Centre
          + Blog

   About UsUnify@S2019-06-18T16:00:10+01:00

Enterprise Communications Solutions in the Cloud

Enterprise communications solutions in the cloud delivered by Unify
Communications

   Delivering omnichannel cloud contact centre solutions & hosted
   telephony, Unify can help you transform your customer experience and
   make significant savings.

   Modern consumers have simple needs and high expectations. They need
   their interactions with businesses to be effortless, but they expect
   omnichannel availability, immediate responses and resolution at the
   first point of contact as standard. They just want it to work.

   As one of the only cloud systems integrators delivering significant
   transformation projects, Unify Communications deliver a consolidated
   solution set; enabling a centralised view of your entire communications
   estate. With us on board, you’ll be free to devote your time to what
   matters most – your customers.

   We bring together the best and most complementary technologies
   available to ensure that our customers get the right functionality, a
   seamless user experience and a single point of accountability. With
   national & international coverage and access to a trusted network of
   delivery partners, and delivering an extended range of IT
   implementation, support & consulting services, Unify can help to ensure
   your business retains a competitive edge.

   Our team has subject matter expertise across the entire communications
   spectrum, from innovative unified communications solutions, to complex
   contact centre environments, and next generation connectivity – as well
   as providing a full range of consulting, advisory and support services.

The wonderful world of Unify

   A good working relationship is key to the success of any project, so
   knowing who you’re working with is crucial.

   At Unify, we have hand-picked a selection of the very best cloud
   contact centre and unified communications platforms. We interlace them
   with unrivalled dexterity, creating unique solutions to transform the
   customer and agent experience.

   Here’s some information on how the company came about, what we believe
   in and who we work with.

Once upon a time….

   While Unify is still a relatively young company, our experienced team
   have been working in the business communications sector for decades and
   have strong, proven track records.

   A number of the team previously founded and grew CCT to become a
   leading player in the enterprise contact centre technology market. The
   company was acquired by Capita in 2011, and shortly after Unify was
   born. Other members of the team have also come from both operational
   and leadership roles in some of the country’s most
   complex communications environments, between them responsible for the
   safe processing of over 1 billion calls and interactions per year. This
   combination of varied experience and expertise informs our business
   model, our processes and our ethos; thanks to our backgrounds we know
   the tried, tested and proven methods for success (as well as what
   doesn’t work), and this along with our choice in technology partners is
   what’s driven our success so far.

“One weakness of using a global provider’s solutions is that their service
often lacks the ‘personal touch.’ By working with Unify, we get to enjoy all
of the benefits when it comes to price, scale, security, development and
functionality along with having a local delivery partner who truly
understands our needs and is ‘hands on’ – without that, the proposition is
very different.”

   Bill Wilkins, First Utility

Management Team

   We would love to tell you about all of the team, but we don’t want to
   bore you. They do however all have a few key things in common that it’s
   important to point out; they’re passionate about the products that we
   sell, about the way in which we deliver them and they put 110% into
   everything that they do, right down to each individual customer
   interaction. Thanks to them, the service that our customers receive and
   the relationships that we enjoy with them are outstanding.

   Having said that, none of it would be possible without our super and
   very ‘hands-on’ management team. Including all of the key founders of
   the business, these guys have been involved with Unify since day one
   and are responsible for growing and nurturing both the team and the
   company to become what they are today. And here they are, in all of
   their glory!
   Russell Attwood
   Russell AttwoodFounder & Business Development Director
   Russ is Unify’s founder and ‘big cheese’. With a passion for customer
   engagement, he enjoys working closely alongside the team to ensure that
   we consistently and collectively deliver the best results for our
   customers.

   Russ is a communications industry veteran. He founded his former
   company, Call Centre Technology (CCT) in 1997, which he ran for 14
   years until Capita’s IT Services Business acquired the 200
   employee-strong company in 2011. Recognising Russ’s expertise they
   appointed him Sales Director, and he stayed with the business for a
   year before a short break which was then followed by the launch of
   Unify.

   Outside of work, he runs a taxi service for his children at weekends
   and should the opportunity present itself plays rugby as a “seasoned”
   veteran for his local rugby team. Apparently he’s still got a few
   seasons left in him…something he has been claiming for years.
   Trevor Saadi
   Trevor SaadiChief Operating Officer
   Trevor is ‘the man with the plan,’ and him and his team are responsible
   for every aspect of the delivery of our solutions – from definition and
   contract negotiation, right the way through to implementation and live
   operation.

   With over 30 years’ experience in delivering complex technology
   solutions, both from a supplier and corporate IT perspective, Trevor
   has a deep understanding of how technology can deliver value to
   organisations. He was formerly the CIO for the kgb & 118118 Group
   delivering call-centre systems and international IP networks to 10,000
   agents operating in 11 countries processing over 1 billion calls per
   year.

   When the weather allows Trevor is a keen landscape and architectural
   photographer and is a Licentiate of the Royal Photographic Society.
   Shaun LawsonChairman & Non-Executive Director
   Shaun’s career began in stockbroking. He worked for 10 years at Laing &
   Cruickshank in the City of London, reaching the position of Senior
   Corporate Finance Partner. Since then he’s established his own business
   (Lawson & Partners Limited), worked at Director level for companies
   such as Rickitt Mitchell and Priory Investments and holds a number of
   non-executive directorships and chairmanships which include NDSL Group
   Ltd, J & E Sedgwick Ltd and, of course, Unify Communications.
   Richard HoughtonNon-Executive Director
   Richard, or Dickie Houghton as he’s better known is one of the
   non-executive directors here at Unify. He has a proven track record
   when it comes to growing, managing and selling businesses in a wealth
   of industries,and owns his own company in Bristol called Houghton
   Stone. As well as these commercial achievements, he was voted the
   youngest ever President of the local Chartered Certified Accountants –
   so nothing gets past him on the finance side of things!

“We felt completely and utterly supported by Unify at all times during the
implementation process, and continue to now we’re up and running. I know we
aren’t their only customer but we were really made to feel like it – the team
were at the end of the phone whenever we needed them, they were always calm
and professional and an immediate resolution or answer to a query was always
offered. The service we’ve received has far exceeded our expectations; it’s
been absolutely phenomenal.”

   Henu Cummins, Porchlight
   VIEW THE CASE STUDY

Want to know more about the team?

   SPEAK TO THEM TODAY

Our Customers

   The most important ingredient to any successful business – customers!
   We’re so lucky to have such a fantastic customer base, from all
   different industries in all shapes and sizes. Every single one of them
   means a lot to us, and we know how much our technology and support
   means to them too – for more information and to hear some of their
   stories, have a look at the Our Customers page in the main menu.
   Nuffield Health Case Study

Partners

   Put simply, we couldn’t do what we do without our best-of-breed
   partners. Chosen based on their reputation, proven track record,
   passion for technology and innovative offerings, they make us who we
   are today!
   Unify Communications Partners

Want to know more?

   If you’d like to receive brochures, datasheets or other product-related
   information about any of the offerings from our partners as listed
   above, click below to submit a request.
   REQUEST PRODUCT INFORMATION

Affiliations

   We get by with a little help from our friends! In addition to our
   brilliant partners there are a number of other key organisations,
   members groups, forums and similar who we love working with –
   here’s the low down on those guys:

   SWCCF

   The South West Contact Centre Forum (SWCCF) is an industry-led
   initiative which supports the call and contact centre industry in the
   South West. The Forum delivers extensive support to the region’s 250
   employers who collectively employ circa 52,000 people in both the
   Public and Private sector. It represents clients in the highly
   professional and regulated areas of financial and legal services, ICT,
   retail, utilities and creative sectors, and boasts some of the biggest
   companies in the UK.

   Call North West

   Call North West supports the 700 plus contact centres in the region
   through a diverse 12-month calendar of specialist events including the
   Annual Employee and Team Engagement Challenge, Quarterly Forums,
   Specialist Training, Contact Centre Conventions, Bi-monthly User
   Groups, culminating in the Annual Call North West Awards Ceremony, the
   showcase event of the year!

   ABTA

   ABTA is the UK’s largest travel association, representing travel agents
   and tour operators. The ABTA Partner scheme is business-to-business and
   designed to strengthen the links between travel industry suppliers,
   ABTA and their Members. ABTA Partners supply professional services and
   products to the UK travel industry.

   CCF UK
   We’re proud to be members of the UK Contact Centre Forum, providing
   resources and presenting to their members on important industry topics
   such as omnichannel, homeworking, customer experience, social media,
   employee engagement and many more.

   Headed up by Trevor Butterworth, the forum is managed in regions; their
   areas of operation include the South East, London, the Midlands,
   Yorkshire, the East of England and Northern Ireland. With over 50
   events held each year plus conferences, their members have plenty of
   opportunity to meet likeminded people, learn about important current
   trends and future predictions and address any current pains within
   their organisation.

   For more information about UK CCF and becoming a member, please contact
   them using the details below.

   Tel: +44 (0)118 376 9191
   Email: info@uk-ccf.co.uk
   Website: www.uk-ccf.co.uk

   CCMA
   We support the CCMA through helping to educate their members in order
   to raise the standards of call centre management in the UK.

   Formed in 1994, the CCMA is the longest established association
   representing the call centre industry in the UK. We support contact
   centre managers through providing opportunities to network; to openly
   share best practice and to increase their skills and knowledge through
   specialist training.

   Their aim is to offer timely and impartial advice to members, keep
   contact centre leaders in touch with changes in their industry, provide
   credible benchmarking information and to help individuals maintain an
   awareness of the latest trends and developments.

   The Associations board is made up of call centre professionals who work
   full time in the industry and give up their time voluntarily to support
   the association and its members.

   Tel: +44 (0)844 8000623
   Email: info@ccma.org.uk
   Websites: www.ccma.org.uk
   www.ukcontactcentreawards.co.uk

Events

   We try to get out and about as much as we can, broadening our horizons
   and meeting as many people as possible in the industry. We much prefer
   doing things face to face, an approach that we take not only to
   networking but to working with our clients too.

   To find out what events we’re attending this year give us a call – who
   knows, we may even be able to get you a free ticket!

Heard enough?

   If you’re sold on the glowing reviews of us, our partners and/or any of
   the other organisations that we work with, let us know so that we can
   both thank you and see how we could help you in return.
   CONTACT US

OUR PRODUCTS

     * Cloud Contact Centre
     * Unified Communications
     * Enterprise Telephony
     * Omnichannel
     * Workforce Optimisation
     * Workforce Management
     * Speech Analytics
     * PCI Compliance

USEFUL INFORMATION

     * Why Unify?
     * Consulting and Services
     * Our Customers
     * Unify Blog
     * Useful Content
     * Contact Us

   GDPR Privacy Policy

   GDPR Cookie Policy

Recent Tweets

   Tweets by @Unifycomm

Recent Works

   CX Benchmarking Report Holland & Barrett Case Study Ultimate Guide to
   Telephone Numbers Affinity Workforce happy customers happy bottom line
   PCI Compliant Payments workforce productivity unified communications
   Aragon Report Unified Communications REPORT CIOs World of Work WFM
   Vendor DMG report

   Unify Communications ISO Accreditation Logo

   All Rights Reserved | Unify Communications Ltd. | Company Registration
   Number 08325675
   TwitterLinkedIn
