   #National Post » Feed National Post WordPress.com next

     * Sign In
     * Subscribe

   National Post
   Search NationalPost.com ... ____________________

     * News
          + All News
          + National
          + World
          + Toronto
          + Politics
     * Election 2019
     * Full Comment
     * Sports
          + All Sports
          + NHL
               o All NHL
               o Vancouver Canucks
               o Calgary Flames
               o Edmonton Oilers
               o Winnipeg Jets
               o Toronto Maple Leafs
               o Ottawa Senators
               o Montreal Canadiens
          + Baseball
          + Basketball
               o NBA
               o NCAA
          + Football
               o CFL
               o NFL
          + Soccer
          + Golf
               o Golf Videos
          + Tennis
     * Culture
          + All Culture
          + Books
          + Celebrity
          + Movies
          + Music
          + Theatre
          + Television
     * Life
          + All Life
          + Health
          + Homes
          + Eating & Drinking
          + Style
          + Travel
          + Life By Design
          + Parenting
     * More
          + Horoscopes
     * Jobs
     * Classifieds
          + Obituaries
          + Flyercity
          + Local Directory
     * Driving
     * Subscribe
     * Financial Post
     * Video

   Featured
     * Video
     * Trump
     * Trudeau
     * Trade
     * Cannabis
     * Climate change
     * The GrowthOp
     * Real Estate
     * TIFF

     *

Chris Selley: Criticism of climate plan shortcomings brings out Liberal chill
     *

Barbara Kay: Concordia's Liberal Arts College finds it's not immune to cancel
culture
     *

Canadian went to China to debunk reports of anti-Muslim repression, but was
'shocked' by treatment of Uyghurs
     *

Terry Glavin: Apparently blind spots extend to supporters of Syrian mass
murderers
     *

John Ivison: Sheer's environmental plan unlikely to attract much needed young
voters

Andrew Coyne: Bad policy versus no policy — the real difference between
Conservatives and Liberals

   Where the Tories seem intent on bribing voters, one absurdly
   microtargeted tax credit after another, the Grits prefer to swindle
   them
     __________________________________________________________________

In GTA swing ridings where national campaigns dominate, candidates prepare
for close races — just in case

   'Many ridings, if not most, are won by a margin of about 5%. So if I
   did nothing at all, and lost by 1,000 votes or 1,500 votes, it would
   ...

The White House accidentally sent its internal Trump-Ukraine talking points
to the Democrats. No, seriously

   The message, titled, 'What you need to know: President Trump's call
   with President Zelenskyy,' was quickly recalled. Far too late for that

Matt Gurney: Elizabeth May's faked cup is a perfect symbol of climate
hysteria

   This is the most hilarious encapsulation of the (unavoidable!)
   hypocrisy of climate-change-focused politicians I've yet seen

Your cup of tea could contain billions of microplastic particles, McGill
study finds

   Researchers found that when a plastic tea bag is steeped in hot
   water, the number of particles released is 'thousands of times higher'
   than in other foods

Around Our Network

     *

Records for minor cannabis offences ‘seriously impede millions of people’s
ability to live’: Seth Rogen promotes National Expungement Week
       Rogen, who owns his own Canadian cannabis company, hopes events
       will help destroy records of those with simple pot possession
       charges
     *

5 Fake replica supercars that’ll make you look twice
       These phonies cost a fraction of the real thing and, if you squint,
       they're just as stunning
     *

Canadians spend twice as much on house plants and cut flowers than on the
stuff you smoke
       Monthly sales of legal cannabis have surpassed $100M, but it still
       lags alcohol, lottery tickets, even tampons

     *

These bad campers and revolting RVs might be the worst motorhomes ever
       The RV life is all about adventure and sightseeing — unless you're
       in one of these monstrosities, which are truly sights to be seen

Election 2019

The high cost of achieving Trudeau's 'ambitious' goal of zero carbon
emissions by 2050

   'You’re going to have to give out a massive subsidy to people … but
   that’s going to break the bank for governments'Read the Full Story →
     *

Federal election 2019 roundup: Party leaders offer duelling green policies on
home renovations
       In this live story, we’ll be tracking the campaign news as it
       happens
     *

Opinion: Why we cancelled the Munk Debate — and why our democracy is in
trouble
       The cancellation due to Justin Trudeau’s refusal to participate
       denies voters the only real opportunity they had to see his foreign
       policy record challenged
     *

John Ivison: Scheer's endless spending promises are giving the Liberals an
easy stick to beat him with
       His core commitment — to put more money in your pocket, while
       balancing the books and maintaining public services — just doesn't
       make sense
     *

Chris Selley: Trudeau's contrite act is undone by his inane talking points
       The PM is claiming to be consistently frank and open with Canadians
       about his failings while refusing to answer the most basic
       questions about them

Post Picks

Mistaking it for avocado, a woman accidentally ate a lot of wasabi at wedding

   The woman ate so much wasabi it triggered a heart condition and had to
   be hospitalized
     *

Steve Simmons: Will Auston Matthews' stupidity and entitlement cost him Leafs
captaincy?
     *

With $50,000 baskets and strict dress codes, whatever happened to the humble
picnic?
     *

Smith Falls wants to be Canada's premier cannabis tourism destination
     *

'We are the cops': An exclusive London Free Press investigation
     *

Newfoundland man proposes by planting a carrot in an engagement ring
     *

What Judy lacks in oomph, it more than makes up for in Renée Zellweger's
performance
     *

WatchWhy your seemingly perfect separation agreement may not be written in
stone
     *

Cook this: Salty lemon squares from Antoni in the Kitchen

More news

'Whatever you can do': Call transcript shows Trump asked Ukraine president to
look into Joe Biden's son

Read the unclassified memo: Trump’s call with the Ukrainian president

     *

Why has it taken so long for Democrats to begin impeachment proceedings
against Trump?
     *

'I feel like my parents have died a second time': French chef Marc Veyrat
sues the Michelin guide for taking away a star
     *

Greta Thunberg's UN speech falls on deaf ears as world's largest emitters
dodge sweeping climate commitments
     *

Trust the process: How an obscure sports maxim evolved into a modern mantra
     *

Andrew Scheer is right. It's time to end corporate welfare in Canada
     *

Colby Cosh: The U.K. Supreme Court has shot down Boris Johnson on Brexit.
What might that mean for Canada?
     *

Advocates urge debate on racism in Canada that goes beyond Trudeau photos
     *

How Canada fell for one of pro wrestling's oldest tricks

   Close

   First Reading Newsletter
   Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter.
   Email ____________________
   By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication
   from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from
   these communications at any time. ____________________
   (BUTTON) Submit

News

     *

After election deadlock, Netanyahu tapped by Israel's president to assemble
new government
       Netanyahu, Israel's longest-serving leader, still has no clear path
       to a fifth term after emerging from the Sept. 17 ballot short of a
       parliamentary majority
     *

‘I've been dishonoured’: Celebrity chef Marc Veyrat sues the Michelin Guide
over a lost star
       Frenchman Veyrat, 69, has gone to war with the guide, arguing that
       it lacks transparency and casting doubt upon its reviewing methods
     *

'More important than ever': Former U.S. envoy to Ottawa says Canada should
get permanent seat on UN Security Council
       Bruce Heyman gave a speech to Canadian law students that was
       centred on his belief that Trump is a threat to the U.S.
       Constitution

     *

Extreme floods that once came every 100 years will be annual event by 2050:
UN climate report
       That includes large cities such as Jakarta, Indonesia; Manila,
       Philippines; Bangkok; Lima, Peru; Singapore; Barcelona, Spain; and
       Sydney

Full Comment

Terence Corcoran: From innocents to anxious activists — what are we doing to
our kids?

   At a time when the world is safer than any in history, children are
   being taught that they live on the brink of a variety of existential
   threatsRead the Full Story →
     *

Leaving Canada's oil in the ground doesn't only hurt the economy — it hurts
the environment, too
       Opinion: The environment is actually worse off by shifting
       production from Canada to countries that have lower environmental
       standards
     *

Andrew Coyne: With taxes, progressivity comes at a cost
       How much extra progressivity is worth how much lost output is a
       question worth asking — but it should at least be asked
     *

William Watson: On brownface in a rapidly changing Canada
       A country in which one in four people are visible-minority must
       have real trouble maintaining the systemically racist structure it
       so often is accused of having
     *

Colby Cosh: It was hard to love Three Mile Island, but will it be harder to
live without?
       The closure of an established, functioning nuclear plant suggests
       that the U.S. is going backwards on climate policy

Politics

WatchExclusive: Maxime Bernier wants to abolish the Indian Act and build a
border fence

   'I don't believe we are at two to three per cent," Bernier said about
   his polling numbers. 'The populist movement is happening in Canada'
     *

Promises, promises: A running list of what the major parties say they'll do
if they win the election
     *

Exclusive poll reveals 'Doug Ford factor' a big problem for Scheer's
Conservatives in Ontario
     *

Breaking down the parties' tax-cut pledges in an election that’s evolved into
a bidding war for votes
     *

Chrystia Freeland 'shocked' by pro-Assad views of Canada's new Syrian consul
     *

WatchAndrew Coyne on latest Liberal scandal: 'The question is, how much of a
liability has Trudeau become'
     *

WatchMunk Debates cancels foreign-policy event over Justin Trudeau no-show
     *

WatchFederal election 2019 roundup: Liberals announce goal of net-zero
emissions by 2050
     *

John Robson: Feeble evasiveness piled on shabby error, this is what makes
elections awful

Financial Post

     *

Want to know who is taking long-term economic growth seriously? (Hint: He
doesn’t lead a national party)
     *

Videotron doubles deal size in loonie junk debt reopening
     *

Scheer offers tax credit for green home renovations after Trudeau attacks him
on climate change

Sports

     *

After three teams in six months Antonio Brown says he's done with NFL, rips
into Kraft and Roethlisberger
     *

Maple Leafs review at halfway mark of camp: Paging William Nylander
     *

Scott Stinson: Two Canadian Olympic legends, and two very different endings

Arts

     *

Of all the animated yeti movies, Abominable is the way to go
     *

Streaming services are offering audiences exactly what they were supposed to
be rescuing us from
     *

'I just want to tell a good story in whatever medium that takes': Director
Jill Culton talks Abominable

     * [ ]
               o

Verafin secures $515-million debt and equity funding to boost fraud detection
services for banks
               o

Down to Business podcast: What our politicians really need to do to make
housing affordable
               o

Philip Morris, Altria abandon merger talks; Juul CEO steps down
               o

Ken Dryden: It's high time NHL commissioner Gary Bettman acts to prevent
brain injuries in hockey
               o

Dan Barnes: Things between Kaillie Humphries, Bobsleigh Canada can only go
downhill now
               o

Canadian Olympian Kaillie Humphries loses legal bid to compete for U.S.
bobsled team
               o

How director Rupert Goold brought forth just enough Renée Zellweger for Judy
               o

Cook this: The Polish hangover soup — zurek — from Antoni in the Kitchen
               o

Hamilton, Hello Dolly and a Bob Dylan musical are just some of the highlights
this season at Mirvish

This Week's Flyers

Driving

Battery runs empty in Tesla Model S police car in mid-pursuit
       The Fremont, California police department says it's happy with the
       EV overall, despite the embarrassing mishapRead the Full Story →
          +

Hyundai’s upcoming pickup will have a ladder frame, confirms exec
            Unlike the unibody Santa Cruz concept, the truck will be
            body-on-frame, like a "ute," says Australian CEO
          +

Micra Cup: The little race series that could
            BOWMANVILLE, Ontario — In 2014, Nissan Canada had the daunting
            task of reintroducing the Micra after a two decade-plus
            absence. That fourth-generation model was already four years
            old when it ...
          +

5 Weekend driving getaways in Quebec
            As with most places in Canada, the province of Quebec is best
            explored by car

News Releases
       Promoted by Business Wire
       Business Wire
          +

New Data Presented at World Sleep Congress Demonstrate Early Signs of
Efficacy for TAK-925, a Selective Orexin Type-2 Receptor (OX2R) Agonist, in
Patients with Narcolepsy Type 1
          +

Slalom Awarded 2019 Gold Channel Innovation Award for Best Data Management
Solution
          +

Halo Labs Highlights DabTabsTM Technology 3rd Party Certifications and
Testing Given Current Vape Climate
          +

ELMO Introduces the STEM-CAM Line of Visual Presenters
   More News Releases

Classifieds
          + Remembering
          + Celebrating
          + Classifieds Marketplace
          + Careers
          + FlyerCity
          + Post a Classifieds ad
          + Local Directory

Advertise with Us
          + Partnerships
          + Appointment Notice
          + Solutions
          + Resources
          + Content Works

Sales Directory
          + About Us

My Account
          + Subscriber Self-Serve
          + ePaper
          + Contact Us

Stay Connected
          + [icon-facebook.svg]
          + [icon-twitter.svg]
          + [icon-tumblr.svg]
          + [icon-pinterest.svg]
          + [icon-youtube.svg]
          + [icon-instagram.svg]
          + [icon-rss.svg]

Our Partners
          + National Post
          + Driving.ca
          + The Province
          + Vancouver Sun
          + Edmonton Journal
          + Calgary Herald
          + Regina Leader-Post
          + Saskatoon StarPhoenix
          + Windsor Star
          + Ottawa Citizen
          + Montreal Gazette
          + Toronto Sun
          + Ottawa Sun
          + Calgary Sun
          + Edmonton Sun
          + Winnipeg Sun
          + London Free Press
          + Canada.com
          + Canoe.com
          + Flyer Force
          + Careers@Postmedia
          +
       Postmedia Logo © 2019 National Post, a division of Postmedia
       Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution,
       transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by
       WordPress.com VIP
       365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com
       Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry
       Site Map Contact Us
