    #alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Gourmet Ads Logo Gourmet Ads Logo

     * Home
     * ABOUT
          + Ad Specs
          + Advertising Calendar
          + Advertising Solutions
          + Articles
          + Brand Safety & Transparency
          + Case Studies
          + Directly Managed Publishers
          + Global Ad Operations
          + Jobs
          + Media Types
          + Our Advertisers
          + Our Food Websites
          + Our Team
          + Our Tech Stack
          + Partnerships & Integrations
          + Scale & Reach
          + Why Gourmet Ads?
     * PROGRAMMATIC
          + Curated Deals
          + Managed Services
          + Open Exchange
          + Private Marketplace Deals
          + Private Marketplace Pricing
          + Programmatic Glossary
          + Programmatic Guaranteed
          + Programmatic Reports
          + Programmatic vs Managed Service
          + Smart Deals
          + Viewability
          + What Is Programmatic Advertising?
     * TARGETING
          + Audience Targeting
          + Behavioral Targeting
          + Best Performing Placements
          + Campaign Targeting
          + Contextual Targeting
          + Cuisine Targeting
          + Demographic Targeting
          + Diet Targeting
          + GeoTargeting
          + IAB Categories – Food & Drink
          + Kitchen Appliances Targeting
          + Recipe Targeting
          + Retargeting
          + Spanish Language Targeting
     * AUDIENCES
          + Custom Data Audience Segment
          + Diet & Weight Loss Audience Segment
          + Grocery Buyer Audience Segment
     * PUBLISHERS
     * CONTACT
     * MEDIA KIT

Privacy Policy

   Home/About/Privacy Policy

   Privacy PolicyBenjamin Christie2019-09-09T14:24:20-04:00

Privacy Policy

   Gourmet Ads Pty Ltd, an Australian company is bound by the Australian
   Privacy Act 1988 (as amended) and the Australian Privacy Principles
   (collectively, Privacy Law). This Privacy Policy describes the
   practices of how Gourmet Ads Pty Limited (“Gourmet Ads”, “Healthy Ads”,
   “House Ads”, “we” or “us”) collects, receives, uses and protects
   information in regards to Advertisers, Publishers and Visitors.

   Privacy Commitment

   Gourmet Ads cares about an individual’s right to privacy and is
   committed to transparency and want you to be informed about what we
   do. We want you to fully understand how we may collect, use, and share
   data relating to individuals (like you), and the choices that are
   available to you.

   What This Privacy Policy Covers

   This Privacy Policy covers two specific business operations and details
   the unique differences of each;
    1. Gourmet Ads Owned Websites
    2. The Gourmet Ads Advertising Service

Definitions

   Cookies

   Cookies are a small text file (up to 4KB) that is stored in the user’s
   computer. Cookies provide a way for the website to recognize you and
   keep track of your preferences such as interests. Most web browsers
   automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
   setting to decline cookies if you prefer. The term ‘cookies’ is used as
   an umbrella term for various technologies used to identify browsers,
   such as HTML cookies, Flash cookies, scripts, web beacons and pixel
   tags. With each of these technologies, a small (text) file is placed by
   a web server on the device visiting the website or service, which can
   be read out during further use.

   Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”)

   Non-Personally Identifiable Information, is simply data that is
   anonymous. For example, we consider the following to be Non-PII: your
   Post code or ZIP code, approximate location (e.g., DMA, Region, City,
   Country), your browser type, cookie IDs, Device type, browser type,
   plugin details, language preference, time zone, screen size, IP
   address, websites you may have visited, and advertisements viewed or
   clicked.

   Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)

   Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is information about you that
   can be used to contact you or identify you as an individual. PII may
   include: your name, phone number, email address, and physical address.

Company Owned Websites

   Gourmet Ads owns a number of websites and by visiting any of the
   following Gourmet Ads owned websites, you acknowledge and agree to the
   terms of this Privacy Policy and to the processing of your Personal
   Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
     * gourmetads.com / publishers.gourmetads.com
     * healthyads.com / publishers.healthyads.com
     * houseads.com / publishers.houseads.com

   a) Collection of Information

   In order to use the Gourmet Ads Service as either an Advertiser or
   Publisher, we require personal (PII) information (or other information
   relevant as required) in regards to the purpose of commencing a
   commercial relationship with Gourmet Ads.
   The information we collect (when it is provided to us) is collected in
   the ways below:
     * You provide personal information through one of the Gourmet Ads
       websites;
     * You provide personal information over the phone.
     * You provide personal information via email.

   We use the PII collected via this website for business purposes, such
   as marketing, recruiting and hiring, responding to general inquiries or
   customer support requests, and in the course of providing services to
   advertisers or publishers. We retain the PII collected via the website
   indefinitely, unless otherwise specified, or until we delete the PII
   pursuant to a request from the subject of the PII.

   b) Security

   The security of your personal information is important to us. When you
   enter personal information via forms  on our website, we encrypt that
   information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

   We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
   information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we
   receive it. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to
   protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute
   security.

   c) Third Party Services

   Third party services incorporated into our company websites, such as
   social media widgets or online advertising networks, may collect
   information about your visits to our site for purposes including
   interest-based advertising. This information could be combined with
   information collected from other sites. Such information may include,
   for example, pages visited, times and dates of visits, browser or
   operating system configuration, etc.

The Gourmet Ads’ Advertising Program

   The Gourmet Ads’ Advertising Program allows advertisers to purchase ad
   space on publisher websites. Publishers want their ads to be relevant
   to their readers, which helps them to offer content for no cost or
   lower cost. Buyers want to use their advertising dollars efficiently by
   reaching the right audiences, and by measuring the effectiveness of
   their ads. To accomplish these goals, Advertisers and Publishers use
   the Gourmet Ads’ Advertising Program to engage in a variety of
   techniques, including interest-based advertising, real-time (or
   programmatic) advertising, contextual, and location-based advertising.

   a) Opt Out

   The Gourmet Ads’ Advertising Program uses cookies to identify web
   browsers and to store data for advertising purposes, including
   interest-based advertising. There are many ways to opt-out of receiving
   targeted advertising. The primary ad server for the Gourmet Ads’
   Advertising Program is Appnexus and you can opt out by
   visiting; https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy#choicesand
   Opting Out.

   Industry trade associations maintain web pages where you can opt out of
   interest-based advertising by all participating companies:
     * Network Advertising
       Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
     * Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.aboutads.info/choices
     * Europe, http://www.youronlinechoices.com
     * Digital Advertising Alliance of
       Canada http://youradchoices.ca/choices/

   You can also choose to disable or selectively turn off cookies or
   third-party cookies in your web browser settings.

   It is important to note that different devices (i.e. mobile, tablet and
   desktop) use different identifiers and different technologies, so that
   you must opt out separately from each web browser and each device that
   you would like to be opted out. If you opt-out of targeted advertising,
   we will no longer collect User Information described within this
   policy.

   b) Non Personally Identifiable Information

   In regards to the Gourmet Ads Advertising Program specifically, we do
   not collect or use any Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Our
   ad serving platform is designed to use only non- Personally
   Identifiable Information (PII), and has contractual provisions that
   prohibit us from associating Platform cookies with PII.

    The Gourmet Ads’ Advertising Program may collect from visitors to
   Publisher Websites to deliver targeted advertisements the following;
   website addresses, date/time of visits, page view data, search
   keywords, visitor activities and actions on publisher’s sites,
   referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, geolocation
   (including city, country, zip code), click data, types of
   advertisements viewed; to enable advertisers to deliver targeted
   advertisements.

   Gourmet Ads may also we collect for our legitimate business interests:
     * To operate and improve our technology;
     * To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our
       internal business purposes – all of which is done in aggregate
       anonymously without identifying visitors;
     * To enable standard advertising controls i.e frequency capping;
     * To prepare reports that summarize anonymous visitor activity;
     * To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of
       ad, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and
       campaign forecasting
     * To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent,
       unauthorized, or illegal activity.

   c) Third Parties
   Apart from our Primary Ad Server, Appnexus, we also work with a variety
   of Third Parties to deliver the Gourmet Ads Advertising Program to
   Publishers and Visitors of their websites. These Third-Party companies
   may separately collect, Non PII Information such as domain, referring
   website addresses, date/time of visits, page view data, search
   keywords, visitor activities and actions on publisher’s sites,
   referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, geolocation
   (including city, country, zip code), click data, types of
   advertisements viewed; to enable advertisers to deliver targeted
   advertisements. Third Party companies may include but are not limited
   to Advertisers and their agencies or media buying companies, Amazon,
   Captify, Criteo, Eyeota, Index Exchange, Google, Media.net, Magnetic,
   Nielsen, Oracle, Quantcast, Rubicon Project and Salesforce.

   d) Security

   We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order
   to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place
   suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard
   and secure the information we collect online.

   Legal

   We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required
   or permitted by law.

   Changes to this Privacy Policy

   Gourmet Ads reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time
   to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or
   for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

   Further Information about our Privacy Policy

   If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding our
   Privacy Policy or how we process your data, please email Gourmet Ads or
   in writing to;

   Gourmet Ads Pty Limited
   PO Box 1736
   Warriewood, NSW, 2102
   Australia

   This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 6th May 2018

Let’s Get Started !

Let the Gourmet Ads team walk you through all the options available to ensure
that your Food, Supermarket, Beverage or Kitchen campaign has the best
possible combination of Premium Guaranteed Inventory, First Party Data and
Programmatic elements.

   DOWNLOAD MEDIA KIT
   START A CONVERSATION

   Gourmet Ads Logo

   Gourmet Ads is a Shopper Marketing & Food Advertising platform for
   Supermarkets, Grocery Stores, Food Companies, CPG Companies, FMCG
   Brands and Beverage Brands to reach a highly engaged audience of
   Grocery Buyers & Household Cooks online. We directly manage thousands
   of quality Food Websites, Food Blogs, Recipe Websites, Cooking Blogs
   and Wine Review Publishers. Gourmet Ads offers brand advertisers and
   their advertising agencies, a range of programmatic advertising
   solutions as well as managed services. Since 2008, we've run all types
   of Food Advertisements. Gourmet Ads has offices in Sydney, Australia
   (Headquarters) and New York City, USA

LEARN MORE ABOUT US

KEY PAGES

     * Why Gourmet Ads?
     * Programmatic Advertising
     * Private Marketplace Deals
     * Viewability
     * Programmatic Managed Services
     * Media Types
          + Display Advertising
          + Mobile Advertising
          + Video Advertising
          + Native Advertising
     * Programmatic Glossary
     * First Party Data
     * Advertisers
     * Advertising Calendar
     * Advertising Case Studies
     * Privacy Policy
     * LDA Compliant
     * Shopper Marketing
     * Food Marketing

OUR ADVERTISER SITES

   Gourmet Ads
   Healthy Ads
   House Ads

OUR PUBLISHER SITES

   Gourmet Ads
   Healthy Ads
   House Ads

Programmatic Glossary

     * 2nd Party Data
     * Second Party Data
     * 3rd Party Data
     * Third Party Data
     * Ad Network
     * Ad Exchange
     * 1st Party Data

CONTACT US

   Talk to one of the Gourmet Ads Team today or Contact Us via Email here
   Healthy Ads - New York, USA     +1 917 259 6840
   Healthy Ads - Toronto, Canada   +1 647 557 9784
   Healthy Ads - London, UK        +44 203 514 6580
   Healthy Ads - Sydney, Australia +61 2 8090 5200

OUR PARTNERS

   Xandr
   Appnexus
   Eyeota

Recent Articles

     * Coffee Advertising
     * Advertising Cookbooks
     * sellers.json
     * Food Advertisement Examples
     * ROAS

   [seg?add=663891&t=2]

   © Copyright 2008 -    |  Gourmet Ads Pty Ltd Company  |   All Rights
   Reserved
    #alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Gourmet Ads Logo Gourmet Ads Logo

     * Home
     * ABOUT
          + Ad Specs
          + Advertising Calendar
          + Advertising Solutions
          + Articles
          + Brand Safety & Transparency
          + Case Studies
          + Directly Managed Publishers
          + Global Ad Operations
          + Jobs
          + Media Types
          + Our Advertisers
          + Our Food Websites
          + Our Team
          + Our Tech Stack
          + Partnerships & Integrations
          + Scale & Reach
          + Why Gourmet Ads?
     * PROGRAMMATIC
          + Curated Deals
          + Managed Services
          + Open Exchange
          + Private Marketplace Deals
          + Private Marketplace Pricing
          + Programmatic Glossary
          + Programmatic Guaranteed
          + Programmatic Reports
          + Programmatic vs Managed Service
          + Smart Deals
          + Viewability
          + What Is Programmatic Advertising?
     * TARGETING
          + Audience Targeting
          + Behavioral Targeting
          + Best Performing Placements
          + Campaign Targeting
          + Contextual Targeting
          + Cuisine Targeting
          + Demographic Targeting
          + Diet Targeting
          + GeoTargeting
          + IAB Categories – Food & Drink
          + Kitchen Appliances Targeting
          + Recipe Targeting
          + Retargeting
          + Spanish Language Targeting
     * AUDIENCES
          + Custom Data Audience Segment
          + Diet & Weight Loss Audience Segment
          + Grocery Buyer Audience Segment
     * PUBLISHERS
     * CONTACT
     * MEDIA KIT

   HomeBenjamin Christie2019-07-14T19:32:24-04:00

Reach Grocery Buyers
& Household Cooks

   Gourmet Ads is a Shopper Marketing & Food Advertising platform for
   Supermarkets, Grocery Stores, Food Companies, CPG Companies, FMCG &
   Beverage Brands to reach a highly engaged audiences of Grocery Buyers &
   Household Cooks online.

   We directly manage thousands of quality food, recipe and cooking
   related websites, providing Advertisers and their Advertising Agencies
   both Managed Services & Programmatic Advertising solutions for
   campaigns.
   DOWNLOAD MEDIA KIT

Our Audience

Gourmet Ads offers advertisers the ability to reach a largely female audience
of Moms, Primary Grocery Buyers, Household Cooks and Decision Makers. They
are busy, they are family orientated and they enjoy creating new dishes and
frequently search the internet for new recipe ideas.

Below are some of the attributes of our unique audience

   Audience Skews Female

SKEWS HEAVILY FEMALE 80/20

   Our audience Heavily Skews Female and is aged 21-54 years old
   Household Grocery Buyer

HOUSEHOLD GROCERY BUYER

   91% of our Audience is the Primary / Dual Primary Household Grocery
   Buyer.
   Purchases Quality Ingredients

PURCHASES QUALITY INGREDIENTS

   Our audience tends to Seek Out and purchase Branded / Quality
   Ingredients for their Recipes / Meals.

HIGH AVERAGE BASKET VALUE

   Our Audience Spends between $200 to over $500 a month on Groceries
   Married with 2 Children

MARRIED WITH 2 CHILDREN

   Over 50% of our Audience are Married with an Avg of 2 Children in the
   Family

PRIMARY HOUSEHOLD COOK

   Our Audience is the Primary Household Cook creating Breakfast, Lunch &
   Dinner for the Family.
   Purchases Quality Kitchen Appliances

QUALITY KITCHEN APPLIANCES

   Our audience Purchases Quality Kitchen Appliances such as Espresso
   Machines, Stoves, Microwaves

RECIPES ONLINE

   Our Audience regularly uses the Internet to Search for New Recipes

$60K+ INCOME

   The majority of our audience’s income ranges between $60k to $150k+

VEGETARIAN & VEGAN

   Our Audience is 11X more likely to be a Vegetarian, Vegan or
   Flexitarian.

WINE DRINKERS

   Our Audience typically prefers White Wine compared to Red Wine.

HEALTHY EATING

   Not just a Dieter, our audience is 12x more likely to focus on Healthy
   Eating 365 days a year.

Our Reach

   0+
   Websites
   0B+
   Impressions
   0M+
   Uniques

Our Advertisers

Gourmet Ads works with every type of Food, Supermarket, Beverage, Kitchen
brands to reach highly engaged consumers, online at scale. We also work with
many non-endemic advertisers to reach our food focused audience. Every
branding campaign is different, with different target audiences and different
goals.

So, no matter if you’re working on a Programmatic basis or prefer to book a
Guaranteed order via our Managed Services we’ll ensure your campaign is laser
focused on your target audience.

   Target
   Mondelez
   Kikkoman
   Starbucks Coffee
   Nestle Foods
   Barilla Pasta
   Campbells
   Sodastream
   MARS Foods
   Walmart
   Kraft Heinz
   General Mills
   Kelloggs Logo
   Hello Fresh
   Unilever Food Solutions

First Party Data Segments

Gourmet Ads offers a wide range of First Party Data Segments ideal for your
Food, Supermarket, Beverage or Kitchen campaigns. Our Data Segments can be
used to power Private Marketplace (PMPs) / Deal IDs across Gourmet Ads
inventory or used Uncoupled in your DSP.

   First Party Data Segments

Integrated Demand Side Platforms (DSPs)

For programmatic enabled Brands with In-house Trading Teams, Agency Trading
Desks, Retargeters or Independent Traders, Gourmet Ads is built upon Appnexus
/ Xandr tech stack and fully integrated programmatically with the following
Demand Side Platforms enabling streamlined, transparent connections between
advertisers and consumers.

   Appnexus
   Xandr
   DataXu
   Adform
   MightyHive
   Doubleclick Bid Manager
   The Trade Desk
   MediaMath
   BidSwitch DSP by IPONWEB
   Choozle Self Service DSP
   Delta Projects
   Media.net
   Amazon DSP / Amazon Advertising
   Adobe Marketing Cloud
   BrightRoll DSP by Yahoo
   Beeswax DSP
   Bidtheatre
   Amobee
   DV360 / Google Display & Video DSP
   Verizon Media DSP Oath Ad Platforms Yahoo
   Criteo
   AdRoll Retargeting
   Basis by Centro

Food Advertising

Gourmet Ads is the global leader in Food Advertising Solutions. Since 2008
we’ve worked closely with all types of Food Advertisers and their Advertising
Agencies, from global food companies which market hundreds of brands, through
to traditional / smaller and regional food companies. We run all types of
Food Advertisements.

   Food Advertising

Programmatic Advertising

Gourmet Ads takes a Programmatic First Approach in all things we do.
Below are few of the Programmatic Advertising Solutions we offer.

   Smart Deals

Smart Deals

Smart Deals are a type of Programmatic Deal that is built and optimized in
real-time using Data Science & Machine Learning within our Ad Server, using
client KPIs.

   Private Marketplace Deals

Private Marketplace Deals

Private Marketplace Deals are Programmatic Auctions that give the buyer
priority in the Ad Server or SSP on a Semi-Reserved basis with agreed on
pricing.

   Managed Services

Managed Services

Our Programmatic Managed Services team have both the Strategic and Tactical
experience, as well as the global footprint of ad operations to ensure
success.

   Viewability

Viewability

For Advertisers that prioritize Viewability, our two Viewability solutions
are both run by Private Marketplace Deals with MRC or GroupM Viewability
Standards.

   Display Advertising

Display Advertising

With unlimited Display formats available, reach Grocery Buyers & Household
Cooks across Laptop & Desktops. Take advantage of Data Targeting and High
Impact placements.

   LEARN MORE
   Mobile Advertising

Mobile Advertising

Reach Consumers on Mobile devices wherever they are. With Creative Mobile
executions like Interstitials, Interscrollers, Mobile Outstream and
Adhesions, we have a mobile solutions to reach your target audience.

   LEARN MORE
   Video Advertising

Video Advertising

Video should be part of every brand’s digital advertising plan. With video
formats like Outstream or PreRoll, you’ll make an impression every time with
the right audience.

   LEARN MORE
   Native Advertising

Native Advertising

Target consumers within the content they reading by leveraging a Native
Advertising Strategy. Native Creative units seamlessly integrated into the
natural look and feel of the webpages in which it is placed.

   LEARN MORE
   Audio Advertising

Audio Advertising

Target consumers via Audio Advertising within the content they are consuming
such as Podcasts, Radio Stations and Music Streaming Services with 15, 30 and
60 second audio files.

   LEARN MORE

Let’s Get Started !

Let the Gourmet Ads team walk you through all the options available to ensure
that your Food, Supermarket, Beverage or Kitchen campaign has the best
possible combination of Premium Guaranteed Inventory, First Party Data and
Programmatic elements.

   DOWNLOAD MEDIA KIT
   START A CONVERSATION

   Gourmet Ads Logo

   Gourmet Ads is a Shopper Marketing & Food Advertising platform for
   Supermarkets, Grocery Stores, Food Companies, CPG Companies, FMCG
   Brands and Beverage Brands to reach a highly engaged audience of
   Grocery Buyers & Household Cooks online. We directly manage thousands
   of quality Food Websites, Food Blogs, Recipe Websites, Cooking Blogs
   and Wine Review Publishers. Gourmet Ads offers brand advertisers and
   their advertising agencies, a range of programmatic advertising
   solutions as well as managed services. Since 2008, we've run all types
   of Food Advertisements. Gourmet Ads has offices in Sydney, Australia
   (Headquarters) and New York City, USA

LEARN MORE ABOUT US

KEY PAGES

     * Why Gourmet Ads?
     * Programmatic Advertising
     * Private Marketplace Deals
     * Viewability
     * Programmatic Managed Services
     * Media Types
          + Display Advertising
          + Mobile Advertising
          + Video Advertising
          + Native Advertising
     * Programmatic Glossary
     * First Party Data
     * Advertisers
     * Advertising Calendar
     * Advertising Case Studies
     * Privacy Policy
     * LDA Compliant
     * Shopper Marketing
     * Food Marketing

OUR ADVERTISER SITES

   Gourmet Ads
   Healthy Ads
   House Ads

OUR PUBLISHER SITES

   Gourmet Ads
   Healthy Ads
   House Ads

Programmatic Glossary

     * 2nd Party Data
     * Second Party Data
     * 3rd Party Data
     * Third Party Data
     * Ad Network
     * Ad Exchange
     * 1st Party Data

CONTACT US

   Talk to one of the Gourmet Ads Team today or Contact Us via Email here
   Healthy Ads - New York, USA     +1 917 259 6840
   Healthy Ads - Toronto, Canada   +1 647 557 9784
   Healthy Ads - London, UK        +44 203 514 6580
   Healthy Ads - Sydney, Australia +61 2 8090 5200

OUR PARTNERS

   Xandr
   Appnexus
   Eyeota

Recent Articles

     * Coffee Advertising
     * Advertising Cookbooks
     * sellers.json
     * Food Advertisement Examples
     * ROAS

   [seg?add=663891&t=2]

   © Copyright 2008 -    |  Gourmet Ads Pty Ltd Company  |   All Rights
   Reserved
