   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P9FMFS

   #alternate alternate

   Zerto Logo

Better Together

Converged Disaster Recovery & Backup

Zerto 7.0 enhances its proven continuous data protection and innovative
journaling technology to converge Disaster Recovery and Backup in one simple,
scalable platform. Replace the complexity of legacy backup solutions with
Zerto’s IT Resilience Platform™.

   WATCH THE VIDEO

“The ability to manage our DR and backup through a single platform with Zerto
7.0 will be a game-changer for us….We anticipate significant efficiency
increases through the ability to replicate once for both DR and backup,
saving time and costs.”

   Michael Sallie, Sr. Systems Engineer, Yanfeng Automotive Interiors

Future of Backup: From Periodic to Continuous

In today’s always-on world, enterprises need access to business-critical data
at all times, without exception. Find out why legacy backup is no longer
relevant, too slow and costly and why continuous, journal-based recovery is
the future of backup.

   DOWNLOAD NOW

Why Disaster Recovery & Backup Are Better Together

Zerto 7.0 — like peanut butter and jelly — proves some things are much better
when they’re together. Listen to the this webinar to learn how Zerto 7 uses
Continuous Data Protection (CDP) and journaling technology to achieve seconds
of RPO at scale, for both short-term and long-term data retention – all while
creating an “always on” customer experience.

   WATCH NOW

   Learn More About What’s New With Zerto 7

Converged Disaster Recovery & Backup is just the start, the newest version of
Zerto brings cloud enhancements, advanced analytics, a new GUI and more!

   Download the DataSheet

     * The IT Resilience Platform keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + What is IT Resilience?
     * Solutions keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Protect Your Business from Disruptions
          + Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration
          + Modernize IT with Cloud
     * Helpful Links keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Support
          + Contact Zerto
          + How to Buy
          + Free Trial
     * Company keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Press Releases
          + Careers
     * Resources keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Blog

   Copyright © 2010-2019
     * Cookie Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use

   Move Beyond Backup and Recovery to IT Resilience.
   Get a Demo Now

   Chat with Zerto Now!
   keyboard_arrow_upBack to top

   How Can We Help? (BUTTON) close
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm Interested in Learning More About Zerto

   If you’d like to learn more about Zerto, whether you’re looking for
   product information, are looking to purchase Zerto, or just have
   questions about how the software works – We’re here to help!
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm a Current Zerto Customer with a Support Request

   At Zerto, we have a round-the-clock support team and many helpful
   resources available to you. Head to MyZerto for forums, technical
   documentation, and a robust knowledge base. If you need support, Click
   the link below to get started.
   Begin a Support Request
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I am, or Hope to be, a Zerto Partner

   Whether you’re looking to become a new Zerto partner, or have questions
   around your existing partnership or the ZAP Program in general, we’re
   here to answer your questions!
   Chat Now
   #alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P9FMFS

   Zerto Logo
   search
   (BUTTON) menu close

     * 1-800-687-9259 ext: 1
     * Support
     * Contact Us
     * English keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Chinese
          + Japanese
          + Spanish
          + Português

     * The IT Resilience Platform
     * Solutions keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Protect Your Business from Disruptions
          + Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration
          + Modernize IT with Cloud
     * Try or Buy
     * More keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Company
          + Resources
          + ZertoCON
          + Partners
          + Events

   search
   ____________________
   close

Announcing Zerto 7.5 General Availability

   Raising the Bar for Continuous Data Protection
   VIEW NOW

State of IT Resilience Report

   Find Out What IT Leaders Are Saying About IT Resilience in 2019.
   Download the Report for Free

The World is Ready for IT Resilience. Are You?

   Mitigate Downtime Risk So You Can Focus on Business Transformation.
   Watch: IT Resilience Explained

The Future of Backup is Continuous

   No Snapshots, No Production Impact. Continuous Data Protection to Keep
   Your Business Running 24/7.
   Get Better Backup Now

   Promo Icon

The Gorilla Guide to Converged Disaster Recovery and Backup

   Download Now keyboard_arrow_right
   Promo Icon

Calculate How Much You Can Save with the Azure Cloud Calculator

   Calculate Now keyboard_arrow_right
     * The Gorilla Guide to Converged Disaster Recovery and Backup
     * Calculate How Much You Can Save with the Azure Cloud Calculator

One Platform for Disaster Recovery, Backup & Cloud Mobility

   The only all-in-one IT Resilience Platform, converging Disaster
   Recovery, Backup and Cloud Mobility in one simple, scalable platform.
     * Reduce cost and complexity of application migrations and data
       protection with Zerto’s unique platform utilizing Continuous Data
       Protection.
     * Orchestration built into the platform enables full automation of
       recovery and migration processes.
     * Analytics provides 24/7 infrastructure visibility and control, even
       across clouds.

   Tour The Platform
   H_M2_1_2190x1522

     * PROTECT YOUR BUSINESS FROM DISRUPTIONS
     * MODERNIZE IT WITH CLOUD
     * SIMPLIFY WORKLOAD MOBILITY AND MIGRATION

PROTECT YOUR BUSINESS FROM DISRUPTIONS

   Protect Your Business from Disruptions

   Protect against planned and unplanned disruptions, eliminating downtime
   and data loss to deliver an always-on customer experience.
   Learn More

MODERNIZE IT WITH CLOUD

   Modernize with IT Cloud

   Create a multi-cloud and hybrid cloud strategy by removing vendor lock.
   Capture the scale and cost benefits of the cloud. Mobilize and migrate
   your data to, from and between clouds.
   Learn More

SIMPLIFY WORKLOAD MOBILITY AND MIGRATION

   Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration

   Simplify and move workloads from anywhere, to anywhere. Execute
   stress-free datacenter consolidations and super simple migrations, in
   just a few clicks.
   Learn More

IT Resilience Driving Business Outcomes

   [Simplify-Workload-Mobility-and-Migration.png]

How United Airlines Protects their Digital Experience

   "Ensuring an always-on customer experience."
   WATCH THE VIDEO

How United Airlines Protects their Digital Experience

   [Simplify-Workload-Mobility-and-Migration.png]

When Application Health Equals Patient Health

   “Zerto brought Houston Methodist Hospital to a fully-functioning IT
   Resilience strategy.”
   WATCH THE VIDEO

When Application Health Equals Patient Health

   [Simplify-Workload-Mobility-and-Migration.png]

Brave New IT for Major League Baseball Team

   “Enterprise resilience capabilities, and yes, pretty doggone easy to
   use!”
   WATCH THE VIDEO

Brave New IT for Major League Baseball Team

     * The IT Resilience Platform keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + What is IT Resilience?
     * Solutions keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Protect Your Business from Disruptions
          + Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration
          + Modernize IT with Cloud
     * Helpful Links keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Support
          + Contact Zerto
          + How to Buy
          + Free Trial
     * Company keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Press Releases
          + Careers
     * Resources keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Blog

   Copyright © 2010-2019
     * Cookie Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use

   Move Beyond Backup and Recovery to IT Resilience.
   Get a Demo Now

   Chat with Zerto Now!
   keyboard_arrow_upBack to top

   How Can We Help? (BUTTON) close
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm Interested in Learning More About Zerto

   If you’d like to learn more about Zerto, whether you’re looking for
   product information, are looking to purchase Zerto, or just have
   questions about how the software works – We’re here to help!
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm a Current Zerto Customer with a Support Request

   At Zerto, we have a round-the-clock support team and many helpful
   resources available to you. Head to MyZerto for forums, technical
   documentation, and a robust knowledge base. If you need support, Click
   the link below to get started.
   Begin a Support Request
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I am, or Hope to be, a Zerto Partner

   Whether you’re looking to become a new Zerto partner, or have questions
   around your existing partnership or the ZAP Program in general, we’re
   here to answer your questions!
   Chat Now
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P9FMFS

   #alternate alternate

   Zerto Logo

Better Together

Converged Disaster Recovery & Backup

Zerto 7.0 enhances its proven continuous data protection and innovative
journaling technology to converge Disaster Recovery and Backup in one simple,
scalable platform. Replace the complexity of legacy backup solutions with
Zerto’s IT Resilience Platform™.

   WATCH THE VIDEO

“The ability to manage our DR and backup through a single platform with Zerto
7.0 will be a game-changer for us….We anticipate significant efficiency
increases through the ability to replicate once for both DR and backup,
saving time and costs.”

   Michael Sallie, Sr. Systems Engineer, Yanfeng Automotive Interiors

Future of Backup: From Periodic to Continuous

In today’s always-on world, enterprises need access to business-critical data
at all times, without exception. Find out why legacy backup is no longer
relevant, too slow and costly and why continuous, journal-based recovery is
the future of backup.

   DOWNLOAD NOW

Why Disaster Recovery & Backup Are Better Together

Zerto 7.0 — like peanut butter and jelly — proves some things are much better
when they’re together. Listen to the this webinar to learn how Zerto 7 uses
Continuous Data Protection (CDP) and journaling technology to achieve seconds
of RPO at scale, for both short-term and long-term data retention – all while
creating an “always on” customer experience.

   WATCH NOW

   Learn More About What’s New With Zerto 7

Converged Disaster Recovery & Backup is just the start, the newest version of
Zerto brings cloud enhancements, advanced analytics, a new GUI and more!

   Download the DataSheet

     * The IT Resilience Platform keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + What is IT Resilience?
     * Solutions keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Protect Your Business from Disruptions
          + Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration
          + Modernize IT with Cloud
     * Helpful Links keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Support
          + Contact Zerto
          + How to Buy
          + Free Trial
     * Company keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Press Releases
          + Careers
     * Resources keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Blog

   Copyright © 2010-2019
     * Cookie Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use

   Move Beyond Backup and Recovery to IT Resilience.
   Get a Demo Now

   Chat with Zerto Now!
   keyboard_arrow_upBack to top

   How Can We Help? (BUTTON) close
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm Interested in Learning More About Zerto

   If you’d like to learn more about Zerto, whether you’re looking for
   product information, are looking to purchase Zerto, or just have
   questions about how the software works – We’re here to help!
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm a Current Zerto Customer with a Support Request

   At Zerto, we have a round-the-clock support team and many helpful
   resources available to you. Head to MyZerto for forums, technical
   documentation, and a robust knowledge base. If you need support, Click
   the link below to get started.
   Begin a Support Request
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I am, or Hope to be, a Zerto Partner

   Whether you’re looking to become a new Zerto partner, or have questions
   around your existing partnership or the ZAP Program in general, we’re
   here to answer your questions!
   Chat Now
   #Zerto » Search Results for “{search_term_string}” Feed

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P9FMFS

   Zerto Logo
   search
   (BUTTON) menu close

     * 1-800-687-9259 ext: 1
     * Support
     * Contact Us
     * English keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Chinese
          + Japanese
          + Spanish
          + Português

     * The IT Resilience Platform
     * Solutions keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Protect Your Business from Disruptions
          + Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration
          + Modernize IT with Cloud
     * Try or Buy
     * More keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Company
          + Resources
          + ZertoCON
          + Partners
          + Events

   search
   ____________________
   close

Search Results for '{search_term_string}'

     * The IT Resilience Platform keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + What is IT Resilience?
     * Solutions keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Protect Your Business from Disruptions
          + Simplify Workload Mobility and Migration
          + Modernize IT with Cloud
     * Helpful Links keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Support
          + Contact Zerto
          + How to Buy
          + Free Trial
     * Company keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Press Releases
          + Careers
     * Resources keyboard_arrow_downkeyboard_arrow_up
          + Blog

   Copyright © 2010-2019
     * Cookie Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use

   Move Beyond Backup and Recovery to IT Resilience.
   Get a Demo Now

   Chat with Zerto Now!
   keyboard_arrow_upBack to top

   How Can We Help? (BUTTON) close
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm Interested in Learning More About Zerto

   If you’d like to learn more about Zerto, whether you’re looking for
   product information, are looking to purchase Zerto, or just have
   questions about how the software works – We’re here to help!
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I'm a Current Zerto Customer with a Support Request

   At Zerto, we have a round-the-clock support team and many helpful
   resources available to you. Head to MyZerto for forums, technical
   documentation, and a robust knowledge base. If you need support, Click
   the link below to get started.
   Begin a Support Request
   [chat_with_us_red.png]

I am, or Hope to be, a Zerto Partner

   Whether you’re looking to become a new Zerto partner, or have questions
   around your existing partnership or the ZAP Program in general, we’re
   here to answer your questions!
   Chat Now
   #MyZerto » Feed MyZerto » Comments Feed alternate alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P9FMFS

     * Forums
     * Knowledge Base
     * Technical Documentation
     * E-learning
     * Analytics
     * Login
     * Create Login

   MyZerto

     * Forums
     * Knowledge Base
     * Technical Documentation
     * E-learning
     * Analytics
     * Login
     * Create Login

   Home [dummy.png] Hands-on Lab for Zerto with Azure NOW AVAILABLE:
   on-demand lab experience showcasing
   cloud agility with Zerto 7 and Microsoft Azure GET STARTED Home
   Announcing Zerto 7 Converged Disaster Recovery & Backup
   BETTER TOGETHER [dummy.png] LEARN MORE Home New to Zerto? See us in
   Action! Easy to manage. Quick to install. Simple to scale. Ready to see
   it all in action? Download a free trial [dummy.png] Home Have an Idea
   for Us? Discuss your idea with Zerto's Product Team and vote for new
   product features now! Share Your Idea [dummy.png] Home Self-Service
   Support is Here! Customers and partners can open and
   manage support cases right in myZerto.
   Log in to get started, then click the support tab. [dummy.png]
   [dummy.png] [dummy.png] [dummy.png] [dummy.png] [dummy.png] Home Zerto
   Referral Program.
   It's a win-win.
   Your friend gets Disaster Recovery,
   you get a $50 Amazon Gift Card [dummy.png] [dummy.png]

   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Submit Search Form Advanced Search

Most Popular Topics

     * Vsphere 6.7U2 Support
       June 12, 2019 29 replies
     * Update VM DNS after Failover
       May 12, 2018 27 replies
     * Will Zerto work with vVols?
       June 6, 2019 24 replies
     * vCloud 8
       December 7, 2016 23 replies
     * 6.7u3
       1 day, 4 hours ago 20 replies

Most Popular KB Articles

     * Zerto Cloud Connector (ZCC) Was Deployed and Immediately Entered
       ‘Orphaned’ Status in 7.0
     * VPG in “Needs Configuration” due to protected volume being expanded
       beyond 2TB

Recent KB Articles

     * How to Properly Change a Datastore Configured within a VPG (ZVR 3.5
       and greater)
     * Planning to Recover a Zerto Virtual Replication Installation after
       Recreating a vCenter Database
     * How to Recover from a Ghost VRA (ZVR 4.0 and greater)
     * VRA tab is empty after one of the hosts encountered a disaster or
       change

   © Zerto 2010 - 2019 Need assistance?

     * Terms of Use and Privacy Policy

     * Follow Us:
     *
     *
     *
     *

   (BUTTON) ×

myZerto Login

   Processing Request...

   Log in to continue
   Email address ____________________
   Password ____________________
   (BUTTON) Submit
     __________________________________________________________________

   Forgot Password?
   Create Login

   Forgot your password, huh?
   Email address ____________________
   (BUTTON) Submit
   Having issues? Email us at myzerto@zerto.com
     __________________________________________________________________

   « Back
   Create Login
