   #alternate alternate alternate SHL » The International Criminal Court
   Comments Feed Breiavatnet Lanterna Ningbo Home of Staff alternate
   alternate

     * About us
     * Approach
     * Projects
     * Join us
     * Contact

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   endkcn
   [logo2.png]

   [menu1.png]
   [logo2_mobile.png]

   [close1.png]
   endkcn
     * About us
     * Approach
     * Projects
     * Join us
     * Contact

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]

The International Criminal Court

The Hague/ The Netherlands

   Size/ 54,500 m²
   Competition/ 2008 – 2010, won in restricted international competition
   Status/ Completed in 2015
   Client/ The International Criminal Court
   Landscape architect/ SLA
   Engineer/ Royal Haskoning/ Esbensen Consulting Engineers (in
   competition stage)
   Interior design and Art/ Bosch & Fjord/ Schmidt Hammer Lassen
   Architects
   Project Management/ Brink Groep
   Contractor/ Courtys
   Photo/ Hufton+Crow/ Adam Mørk
   Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn

   When designing the permanent premises of the International Criminal
   Court, the aim was to communicate trust, hope and – most importantly –
   faith in justice and fairness. The building requires the courage to be
   an ambassador for the credibility and values of the ICC. The project
   and its architecture are impressive and grand in scale but always
   relate to humans and the human scale. It is important that a formal
   institution like the ICC does not constitute barriers for people. On
   the contrary, it expresses the very essence of democratic architecture.
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_logo-black.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_aerial-view-1170x585.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corner-view-1-e1460983043922-1170x690.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-1170x525.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_buildings-back-1170x472.jpg]

By designing a compact building with a small footprint, the landscape is
returned to the city so that the open spaces, sky and horizon become an
integrated part of the architectural composition. The building is designed as
a sculptural abstraction, – a composition of six volumes, firmly anchored to
the site and rising from the surrounding dune landscape.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_green-facade-1170x1213.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corner-view-1170x953.jpg]

The tallest of the volumes, the Court Tower, rises up as a green element. The
architectural idea is to cultivate the parterre gardens from the ground floor
level, as a cladding on the Court Tower.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_Section-clean.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_water-installment-1170x1013.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_patio-1170x1755.jpg]

Historically, gardens have always existed as part of all cultures and all
religions. With flowers and plants representing more than 120 member
countries, the parterre garden rises up as a symbol of unity, regardless of
nationality and culture.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_geometry-1170x1184.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_court-room-front-view-1170x1158.jpg]

Inside, wide courtrooms fulfill ICC's mandate in the fight against impunity
for perpetrators of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. The
international institution also has rooms for media and relatives who can
follow the different cases, symbolizing the trust and the transparency this
court building requires.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_press-room-1170x508.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_court-room-Copy-1170x813.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_audience-seats-1170x1147.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corridor-1170x1233.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-reflection-1170x1755.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_reception-1170x1652.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_reception-desk-1170x780.jpg]

The entrance is enriched with a wooden sculpture by Danish artist Eske Rex
which blends with the lightness and simplicity of the architectural design,
bearing a distinctive Danish imprint.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-detail-1170x1755.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_night-illumination-1170x1727.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_camouflage-1170x1509.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_night-view-1170x494.jpg]

related projects/

   [SHL_Architects_New-Correctional-Facility_main-image-380x260.jpg]

New Correctional Facility

   Nuuk/ Greenland
   [SHL_Architects_Utrecht-University-College_aerial-view-380x260.jpg]

University of Applied Sciences

   Utrecht/ The Netherlands
   [SHL_Architects_Pier-C-Copenhagen-Airport_main-hall-380x260.jpg]

Pier C Copenhagen Airport

   Copenhagen/ Denmark

   Copenhagen
   Aarhus
   Shanghai

   Contact
   T +45 70 20 19 00
   F +45 70 20 19 07
   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   #alternate alternate alternate SHL » Den Internationale
   Straffedomstol-kommentar-feed Breiavatnet Lanterna Ningbo Home of Staff
   alternate alternate

     * Om os
     * Tilgang
     * Projekter
     * Job
     * Kontakt

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   endkcn
   [logo2.png]

   [menu1.png]
   [logo2_mobile.png]

   [close1.png]
   endkcn
     * Om os
     * Tilgang
     * Projekter
     * Job
     * Kontakt

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]

Den Internationale Straffedomstol

Haag/ Holland

   Areal/ 54.500 m²
   Konkurrence/ 2008 – 2010, vundet i  international konkurrence
   Status/ Opført i 2015
   Bygherre/ ICC – International Criminal Court
   Landskabsarkitekt/ SLA
   Ingeniør/ Royal Haskoning/ Esbensen Consulting Engineers (i konkurrence
   fasen)
   Interiør design og kunst/ Bosch & Fjord/ Schmidt Hammer Lassen
   Architects
   Projektledelse/ Brink Groep
   Entreprenør/ Courtys
   Foto/ Hufton+Crow/ Adam Mørk
   Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn

   Udgangspunktet for at designe det nye permanente hovedsæde for den
   Internationale Straffedomstol i Haag var at bygningen skulle
   kommunikere tillid, håb og – vigtigst af alt – tro på retfærdighed.
   Bygningen skal være en ambassadør for ICC’s troværdighed. Projektet og
   dets arkitektur skal være udtryksfuldt og storladent, men bør altid
   relatere til mennesket og den menneskelige skala. Det er vigtigt, at en
   formel institution som Den Internationale Straffedomstol ikke skaber
   barrierer for mennesker. Tværtimod skal den udtrykke selve essensen i
   demokratisk arkitektur.
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_logo-black.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_aerial-view-1170x585.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corner-view-1-e1460983043922-1170x690.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-1170x525.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_buildings-back-1170x472.jpg]

Ved at designe en kompakt bygning med et lille fodaftryk gives landskabet
tilbage til byen, så de åbne rum, himlen og horisonten bliver en integreret
del af den arkitektoniske komposition. Bygningen er udformet som en
skulpturel abstraktion – en komposition af seks bygningsvoluminer, som både
er solidt forankret i terrænet og som stikker op af det omgivende
klitlandskab.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_green-facade-1170x1213.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corner-view-1170x953.jpg]

Den højeste af bygningerne er retstårnet, der rejser sig som et grønt
element. Den arkitektoniske idé er at fortsætte de kultiverede parterre-haver
fra stueetageniveau som en beplantning på retstårnet.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_Section-clean.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_water-installment-1170x1013.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_patio-1170x1755.jpg]

Historisk set har haver altid eksisteret som en del af alle kulturer og alle
religioner. Med blomster og planter der repræsenterer de over 120
medlemslande, rejser parterre-haven sig som et symbol på fællesskab, uanset
nationalitet og kultur.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_geometry-1170x1184.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_court-room-front-view-1170x1158.jpg]

Indvendigt opfylder de brede retssale ICC's mandat i kampen mod straffrihed
for gerningsmændene til folkedrab, forbrydelser mod menneskeheden og
krigsforbrydelser. Den internationale institution har også lokaler til medier
og pårørende, der kan følge de forskellige sager, hvilket symboliserer den
tillid og gennemsigtighed som denne retsbygning kræver.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_press-room-1170x508.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_court-room-Copy-1170x813.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_audience-seats-1170x1147.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corridor-1170x1233.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-reflection-1170x1755.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_reception-1170x1652.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_reception-desk-1170x780.jpg]

Indgangen er udsmykket med en skulptur i træ af den danske kunstner Eske Rex,
og den smelter sammen med letheden og enkeltheden i det arkitektoniske
design, som har et karakteristisk dansk aftryk.

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-detail-1170x1755.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_night-illumination-1170x1727.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_camouflage-1170x1509.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_night-view-1170x494.jpg]

related projects/

   [SHL_Architects_New-Correctional-Facility_main-image-380x260.jpg]

Ny Anstalt i Nuuk

   Nuuk/ Grønland
   [SHL_Architects_Utrecht-University-College_aerial-view-380x260.jpg]

University of Applied Sciences Utrecht

   Utrecht/ Holland
   [SHL_Architects_Pier-C-Copenhagen-Airport_main-hall-380x260.jpg]

Finger C Københavns Lufthavn

   København/ Danmark

   København
   Aarhus
   Shanghai

   Kontakt
   T +45 70 20 19 00
   F +45 70 20 19 07
   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   #alternate alternate alternate SHL » 国际刑事法庭（ICC）评论Feed Breiavatnet
   Lanterna 宁波职工之家 alternate alternate

     * 关于
     * 理念
     * 项目
     * 加入
     * 联系

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   endkcn
   [logo2.png]

   [menu1.png]
   [logo2_mobile.png]

   [close1.png]
   endkcn
     * 关于
     * 理念
     * 项目
     * 加入
     * 联系

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]

国际刑事法庭（ICC）

荷兰/海牙

   规模/ 54500 m²
   竞赛/ 2008 – 2010年国际限制性竞赛 第一名
   状态/ 2015年建成
   业主/ 国际刑事法庭
   景观设计/ SLA
   工程顾问/ Royal Haskoning/ Esbensen Consulting Engineers (竞赛阶段)
   室内设计和艺术顾问/ Bosch & Fjord/ Schmidt Hammer Lassen Architects
   项目经理/ Brink Groep
   承包方/ Courtys
   摄影/ Hufton+Crow/ Adam Mørk
   Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn

   当我们为国际刑事法庭设计其新的永久办公建筑时，我们希望营造一个能够传达信任与希望的场所，更重要的是 --
   展现对公平公正价值的信心。建筑并应传达国际刑事法庭（ICC）的公信力。建筑在体现其宏伟、冲击力的同时，更应该考虑与人和人体尺度的联系。而如IC
   C这样的官方机构，避免给人们带来隔绝感是非常重要的。也就是说，这样的建筑必须展现出民主特性。
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_logo-black.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_aerial-view-1170x585.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corner-view-1-e1460983043922-1170x690.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-1170x525.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_buildings-back-1170x472.jpg]

在有限的基地面积中，整个建筑的设计紧凑简洁。景观设计是连接建筑与城市的媒介，户外空间、天空和地平线与建筑融为一体。整个项目以抽象雕塑为形而设计 --
六个不同的体块稳扎于地，在四周的景观小丘中拔地而起。

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_green-facade-1170x1213.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corner-view-1170x953.jpg]

最高的是法庭大楼，绿色景观沿塔楼一层攀爬而上，成为法庭的外立面。

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_Section-clean.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_water-installment-1170x1013.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_patio-1170x1755.jpg]

在历史中，花园在建筑设计中往往是有文化和宗教的延伸。国际刑事法庭种植了来自超过120个缔约国的花草植物，向上延伸的绿色花园跨越了国界和文化，象征了人类的团
结。

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_geometry-1170x1184.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_court-room-front-view-1170x1158.jpg]

建筑内部，宽敞的法庭将履行ICC对抗种族灭绝、反人类和战争等罪行的职责。建筑内也有供媒体和亲属旁听的房间，标志着ICC的公信和透明。

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_press-room-1170x508.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_court-room-Copy-1170x813.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_audience-seats-1170x1147.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_corridor-1170x1233.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-reflection-1170x1755.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_reception-1170x1652.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_reception-desk-1170x780.jpg]

丹麦艺术家Eske Rex在室内入口处的木雕作品，如整体建筑一般轻盈简洁。

   [SHL_Architects_ICC_facade-detail-1170x1755.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_night-illumination-1170x1727.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_camouflage-1170x1509.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_ICC_night-view-1170x494.jpg]

related projects/

   [SHL_Architects_New-Correctional-Facility_main-image-380x260.jpg]

新监狱

   格陵兰岛 / 努克
   [SHL_Architects_Utrecht-University-College_aerial-view-380x260.jpg]

应用科学大学

   乌特勒支/荷兰
   [SHL_Architects_Pier-C-Copenhagen-Airport_main-hall-380x260.jpg]

哥本哈根机场C区停机楼

   哥本哈根/ 丹麦

   哥本哈根
   奥胡斯
   上海

   T +45 70 20 19 00
   F +45 70 20 19 07
   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   #alternate alternate alternate SHL » Breiavatnet Lanterna Comments Feed
   IBC Innovation Factory The International Criminal Court alternate
   alternate

     * About us
     * Approach
     * Projects
     * Join us
     * Contact

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   endkcn
   [logo2.png]

   [menu1.png]
   [logo2_mobile.png]

   [close1.png]
   endkcn
     * About us
     * Approach
     * Projects
     * Join us
     * Contact

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]

Breiavatnet Lanterna

Stavanger/ Norway

   Size/ 18,170 m²
   Competition/ 2016, first prize in international design competition
   Client/ Base Property
   Landscape architect/ Schmidt Hammer Lassen Architects
   Local architect/ SJ Arkitekter
   Engineer/ Søren Jensen Engineers
   Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn

   Our proposal "Breiavatnet Lanterna" is a dynamic scheme for boosting
   the city of Stavanger's ambitions for future urban developments that
   will create a new benchmark for sustainable and creative work
   environments. The project offers a new public centre; a transformation
   of the existing park and a new 101-metres tower containing 18,170 m² of
   highly flexible space for offices, restaurants, exhibitions and
   conferences. The ground and top floors will be open to the public
   ensuring a new unique meeting place in the city.
   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_landscape-site-1170x777.jpg]

The building is located near Stavanger Central Station on a unique site next
to the future "Tivoliparken" which will be an inviting green city park for
pedestrians, providing new lines of connections in the surrounding
neighbourhood and to the city.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_Breiavatnet-1170x848.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_section-landscape-1170x229.jpg]

The building is accessible on 3 of its sides with the main entrance towards
the park and a ground floor designed to interweave with the urban fabric
guaranteeing it as an integral part of the city.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_street-view-1170x1560.jpg]

The new 26-storey tower will stand simple and modern in its form with a clear
Scandinavian architectural reference, bringing a timeless expression to the
varied building structure in the area.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_drawing-axo.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_diagrams-1170x403.jpg]

The building design is optimized to the highest degree of user-friendliness
and energy efficiency. Green terraces at different heights and orientations
bring a distinct recognizable character to this new high-rise in Stavanger,
which will be one of the highest in Norway.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_facade-drawing-1170x1475.jpg]

The facade design is a composition of slim vertical aluminium and glass
panels which offer increased daylight to over 1,000 work spaces.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_close-up-facade-1170x1170.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_ground-floor-1170x632.jpg]

The two first floors of the tower will welcome public programs including a
café, restaurant, canteen, lobby, flexible performance spaces and
multifunctional exhibitions and events space that take place around a large
amphitheatre staircase.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_site-section-1170x741.jpg]

Floors 3 to 5 will house the church which is currently located on the site.
Floor 6 to 24 will be used as office space designed to be open and bright,
with dramatic 360 views to the city. The two top floors will offer conference
facilities, restaurants, bars and public space with incredible views to the
city and the fjord.

   [SHL_Architects_Stavanger_plan-26-1170x1069.jpg]

related projects/

   [SHL_Architects_Hästen-21_cover-e1525251106389-380x260.jpg]

Hästen 21

   Stockholm/ Sweden
   [BIRDS-EYE-380x260.jpg]

VIA

   Oslo/ Norway
   [SHL_Architects_Skøyen-Masterplan_model-image-380x260.jpg]

Eureka Quarter

   Oslo/ Norway

   Copenhagen
   Aarhus
   Shanghai

   Contact
   T +45 70 20 19 00
   F +45 70 20 19 07
   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   #alternate alternate alternate SHL » Ningbo Home of Staff Comments Feed
   The International Criminal Court Halifax Central Library alternate
   alternate

     * About us
     * Approach
     * Projects
     * Join us
     * Contact

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
   endkcn
   [logo2.png]

   [menu1.png]
   [logo2_mobile.png]

   [close1.png]
   endkcn
     * About us
     * Approach
     * Projects
     * Join us
     * Contact

   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]

Ningbo Home of Staff

Ningbo/ China

   Size/ 104,000 m²
   Competition/ 1st prize, invited international competition 2013
   Status/ Construction 2014–2018
   Client/ Ningbo Labour Union/ City of Ningbo
   Local architect/ NADI (Ningbo Architecture Design Institute)
   Local landscape Architect/ NUCI (Ningbo Union Construction Design
   Institute)
   Photo/ Marc Goodwin
   Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn

   The Home of Staff has an eclectic mix of functions, split across two
   separate buildings and linked by a landscape park stretching over 500m.
   The Ningbo Labour Union sees the complex as a second home for the
   members they represent. It provides support, health, education, and
   leisure facilities for almost 3 million members. It also contains arts
   and performance area, sports facilities and offices – all built on a
   base of commercial retail and exhibition space.
   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_sketch-organization-2-colour-1170x
   831.jpg]

The Home of Staff entails a series of stepped building volumes that are
linked by a landscape, which rises from a central public park to become
accessible green roof terraces.

   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_Aerial-April-18_02-1170x877.jpg]
   [SHL_Ningbo_HOS_NearCompletion_03_MarcGoodwin-1170x728.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_right-wing-1170x702.jpg]

From the air, the volumes appear like a pixelated image, which rises up at
each end and form two individual buildings that are connected by a sunken
walkway and a series of park pavilions.

   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_Aerial-April-18_01-1170x877.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_interior-379x280.jpg]

The cultural functions of the building include a 3-screen cinema, 1,200-seat
performing arts venue, exhibition hall, Union Staff arts club and service
centre, and training facilities.

   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_pool-view-379x280.jpg]

   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_ground-floor-view-e1456922576645-1
   170x506.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_updated-aerial-1170x428.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_drone-image-1170x652.jpg]

The project sits at the centre of Ningbo New East Town on the edge of an
ecological wetland area forming the new cultural hub of the city.

   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_drone-image-4-1170x1560.jpg]
   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_drone-image-3-1170x658.jpg]

   IFRAME: https://player.vimeo.com/video/178461990

   [SHL_Architects_Ningbo-Home-of-Staff_street-view-1170x785.jpg]
   [SHL_Ningbo_HOS_NearCompletion_04_MarcGoodwin-1170x658.jpg]

related projects/

   [SHL_NingboDaily_Near_Completion_External_01_MarcGoodwin-380x260.jpg]

Ningbo Daily Newspaper Group HQ

   Ningbo/ China
   [SHL_Architects_West-Shanghai-Workers-Cultural-Palace_terrace-view-380x
   260.jpg]

West Shanghai Workers Cultural Palace

   Shanghai/ China
   [SHL_Architects_Kasper-Salin-Prize-380x260.jpg]

Malmö Live

   Malmö/ Sweden

   Copenhagen
   Aarhus
   Shanghai

   Contact
   T +45 70 20 19 00
   F +45 70 20 19 07
   [icon_header_facebook.png] [icon_header_instagram.png]
   [icon_header_linkedin.png] [icon_header_twitter.png]
