    #prev next Music Business Worldwide Feed

   ____________________

Music Business Worldwide

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + Who We Are
          + What We Do

Older Posts

   News

Bucks signs Seton Daunt in exclusive publishing deal

   Writer and producer has worked with a range of artists including Kylie
   and Everyone You Know

   News

Beatport’s LINK streaming service integrates with Virtual DJ

   LINK allows DJs to stream Beatport’s catalog directly into DJ
   performance software

   News

Sony/ATV Music Publishing UK signs Jonas Blue

   His tropical house reworking of Tracy Chapman’s Fast Car climbed to
   No.2 in the UK in 2016

   News

Radio platform Stationhead, which counts Kevin Liles & Downtown as investors,
adds on-demand content

   Music is streamed through Apple Music and Spotify integrations

   Analysis News

Latin music will generate close to $500m from streaming in the US this year –
but it’s losing (a bit of) market share

   Across all formats, genre claimed 4.31% share in the first half of 2019

   News

Spotify for Artists app redesigned for iOS and Android

   App will display real-time listening stats

   News

ASCAP celebrates 15th year of Music Creator Conference with new name and
location

   Previous speakers and performers at the conference have included Justin
   Timberlake, Tom Petty, Stevie Wonder, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Katy Perry
   and others

   News

Universal Music Publishing Group extends global publishing deal with The xx

   Group has been signed to UMPG for a decade

   News

Reservoir teams up with CTM Publishing to co-sign Thom Bridges

   Joint-venture will see Reservoir and CTM work together on all creative
   and administrative aspects of Bridges’ songwriting career

   News

Simon Fuller picks AWAL as global partner for pop group Now United

   Deal offers global distribution, marketing strategy and playlist
   pitching

   News

YouTube backs 14 more independent artists via its Foundry development program

   New class bring this year's total number of Foundry supported artists
   to 25

   News

The A&R Awards 2019: The Finalists Revealed!

   Who will be up for a prize at UK-focused ceremony in November?

   News

Ticketing firm DICE launches in Italy, teams with promoter RADAR Concerti

   Exclusive partnerships secured with promoter and venues

   Analysis

Entertainment Is Getting Even Shorter, And Even Longer. What About The
‘Purgatory’ In The Middle?

   Cherie Hu tackles changing trends in audio-visual media

   News

UTA to work with Chance the Rapper for representation across his entire
business

   UTA will work with Chance across touring, brand partnerships, acting,
   producing, licensing and synchronization, speaking engagements, books,
   charity work and more

     * Older posts
     * Newer posts

Music Business Worldwide

   The best of MBW, plus the most important music biz stories on the web.
   Delivered for FREE, direct to your inbox each day.
   ____________________
   [X] Receive MBW Newsletter
   [X] Receive MBW News Alerts
   [X] Receive MBW Industry Jobs
   MBW will occasionally send important promotional emails that involve
   strategic collaborations with industry partners. We don't send rubbish
   and they help us continue to exist. Tick this next box to ensure you
   get 'em.
   [ ] Receive MBW Promotions
   (BUTTON) Sign Up (BUTTON) Close
   [Inspiring-women_300x100-2.gif]
   [Banner_300x100.gif]
   [The-worlds-greatest-songwriter-Banner_300x100-1.gif]
   [Banner_300x100-2.gif]

Latest Music Business Jobs

   London, United Kingdom Insanity

Insanity – Finance Assistant (UK)

   United States Believe

Believe – Artist Relation Manager, Distribution, Metal / Punk Rock / Hardcore
(US)

   London, United Kingdom COMMUNION PRESENTS

Communion Presents – Booker (UK)

   New York, United States SONY MUSIC

Sony Music – Director, Digital Design (US)

   Los Angeles, United States APPLE

Apple – Digital Marketing Analyst (US)

Popular Articles

'Songwriters have a challenging life. It's a certain kind of grind that we
really understand.'

BPI backs MBW's UK-focused A&R Awards, as event sells out (again)

‘If we want to build value in this industry, we have to tell the real stories
of how music is made.’

The major labels are starting to find life tougher in Sweden. Is this a
wake-up call for the future?

YouTube and Hulu executives join Troy Carter's Q&A

Music Business Worldwide
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Who We Are
     * What We Do

Our Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Terms Of Use
     * Comments Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy

Contact Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Contact Us
     * Advertise With Us
     * Send Us News
     * General Enquiries
     * Report A Problem

Follow Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter
     * RSS
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2019 Music Business Worldwide
   27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX
   Website by 44 Bytes

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + What We Do
          + Who We Are

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
    #alternate alternate Music Business Worldwide Feed

   ____________________

Music Business Worldwide

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + Who We Are
          + What We Do

Sir Lucian Grainge: ‘We must keep listening to new ideas through young ears.’

   June 15, 2018
   By Music Business Worldwide

   Last night (June 14) saw the annual Songwriters Hall of Fame event take
   place at the New York Marriott Marquis Hotel.

   As ever, the ceremony saw a host of songwriting talent inducted –
   including Bill Anderson, Steve Dorff, Jermaine Dupri, Alan Jackson,
   Robert “Kool” Bell, Ronald Bell, George Brown & James “JT” Taylor (aka
   “Kool & The Gang), John Mellencamp and Allee Willis.

   There were also special awards given out to Sara Bareilles, Neil
   Diamond and… someone extremely well-known in the music business, but
   not so much for his songs.

   Sir Lucian Grainge, Universal Music Group Chairman & CEO, collected
   the Howie Richmond Hitmaker Award, recognizing a career of helping
   tracks become hits, and artists become superstars.

   The award was handed out by one of those superstars – UMG-signed Abel
   ‘The Weeknd’ Tesfaye, pictured with Grainge – while Ariana Grande
   performed at the event.

   Below, you can read Grainge’s speech in full.

   It covers his family – including his mother, his father and his late
   brother Nigel – in addition to his enduring belief in the magic of
   music.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Thank you, Abel. Not only for your generous introduction, but also for
   the extraordinary music you bring to the world.

   Ariana, thank you as well. You’re one of the greatest vocalists alive,
   and your songwriting grows more powerful every year.

   To Linda (Moran) and the Songwriters Hall of Fame, I’m so moved by this
   honor — Howie Richmond was a giant in our industry and also happens to
   be the publisher of one of my favorite songs of all time, “A Boy Named
   Sue.”

   Receiving this Hitmaker award is a real tribute to the path he and
   others blazed.  I also want to recognize the incredible Universal Music
   writers and recording artists that are being honored here tonight
   including:  Bill Anderson, Steve Dorff, Alan Jackson, Kool & The Gang,
   John Mellencamp, Allee Willis and of course my dear friend Neil
   Diamond.

   Because nobody gets here on their own. I owe so much to my wife
   Caroline, who brings harmony to my life, and to my entire team at
   Universal — whose passion and talent make my work possible. Jody
   Gerson, especially, really knows how to a build a culture that puts
   songwriters first, and that always comes through in the music.

   So to all of you, words cannot express my gratitude.

   I trace my love for music to North London, where I grew up in the ‘60s
   and ‘70s. My father owned a small record shop, and so our family
   listened to just about everything —from Wagner to Ray Charles to Mozart
   to Elvis.

   Dad was also an incredible whistler. I can still see him now—face
   covered in shaving cream, transistor radio next to the bathroom sink,
   whistling along with the coda from “Hey Jude,” which had just been
   released.

   To this day, when people ask me what my favorite songs are, I say it’s
   anything I can whistle.

   Despite the fact that I was a nice Jewish boy, my parents sent me to a
   nice Christian school, because it offered the best education in our
   neighborhood.

   Surprisingly, my favorite part of the school day, beginning when I was
   five or six, were the mandatory morning hymns. That’s where discovered
   my love of melody. My passion for music was born.

   When I was 12, my brother Nigel was already 25, and working at
   Phonogram as a marketer. His company car was a huge GM station wagon
   full of records, tape, sharpies, staple guns and posters. Every
   weekend, after lunch with our grandparents, I would swipe his keys,
   clamber into the back, and “borrow” as many records as I could.

   Looking back, the introduction that Nigel and my dad provided was
   the foundation of my entire career.  I passed on college and joined
   April Blackwood in 1979, then stayed in the music publishing business
   until 1993. In fact, I spent the first third of my career in music
   publishing.  And professionally, those were the years that really
   shaped me.

   To go back and forth with a songwriter, exchanging ideas with nothing
   more than a guitar or piano, is a beautiful and intimate creative
   experience.  I

   t’s so much purer than playing a recording back in the studio, because
   there’s no hiding behind production, EQ and instrumentation. Now that
   is the litmus test of a great song.

   For those who think that much of the music produced today lacks melody
   or composition—I’d encourage you to keep listening. Trust me, a few
   decades from now, the best songwriting will still hold its own, just as
   The Sex Pistols, Run DMC, The Clash or Public Enemy do today, a
   generation after the establishment dismissed them as unlistenable.

   My point is that being an encyclopedia of music — which those of us in
   the business tend to be — can sometimes be a hindrance. Instead, we
   always need to keep our minds wide open, and keep listening to new
   ideas through young ears.

   When we do, and if we’re lucky, we just might hear a song that inspires
   us to whistle.

   Thank you again for this honor.Music Business Worldwide
   News United States Sir Lucian Grainge Songwriters Hall Of Fame

Related Posts

Why, in a post-Tencent/Universal world, the three major music companies are
worth nearly $90bn

The Universal fire may be ‘heartbreaking’ – but don’t expect much impact on
the music biz story of the year

Universal boss Sir Lucian Grainge: ‘We owe our artists answers’ over 2008
fire that destroyed masters

Apple Music execs JJ Corsini and Chris Hovsepian join Universal in senior
Artist Development roles

Latest Music Business Jobs

   United States Believe

Believe – Artist Relation Manager, Distribution, Metal / Punk Rock / Hardcore
(US)

   London, United Kingdom COMMUNION PRESENTS

Communion Presents – Booker (UK)

   New York, United States SONY MUSIC

Sony Music – Director, Digital Design (US)

   Los Angeles, United States APPLE

Apple – Digital Marketing Analyst (US)

   Los Angeles, United States SPOTIFY

Spotify – Exclusives Lead (US)

Music Business Worldwide

   The best of MBW, plus the most important music biz stories on the web.
   Delivered for FREE, direct to your inbox each day.
   ____________________
   [X] Receive MBW Newsletter
   [X] Receive MBW News Alerts
   [X] Receive MBW Industry Jobs
   MBW will occasionally send important promotional emails that involve
   strategic collaborations with industry partners. We don't send rubbish
   and they help us continue to exist. Tick this next box to ensure you
   get 'em.
   [ ] Receive MBW Promotions
   (BUTTON) Sign Up (BUTTON) Close

Popular Articles

'Songwriters have a challenging life. It's a certain kind of grind that we
really understand.'

The major labels are starting to find life tougher in Sweden. Is this a
wake-up call for the future?

‘If we want to build value in this industry, we have to tell the real stories
of how music is made.’

YouTube and Hulu executives join Troy Carter's Q&A

BPI backs MBW's UK-focused A&R Awards, as event sells out (again)

   [Inspiring-women_300x100-2.gif]
   [Banner_300x100.gif]
   [The-worlds-greatest-songwriter-Banner_300x100-1.gif]
   [Banner_300x100-2.gif]

Music Business Worldwide
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Who We Are
     * What We Do

Our Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Terms Of Use
     * Comments Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy

Contact Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Contact Us
     * Advertise With Us
     * Send Us News
     * General Enquiries
     * Report A Problem

Follow Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter
     * RSS
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2019 Music Business Worldwide
   27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX
   Website by 44 Bytes

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + What We Do
          + Who We Are

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
    #next Music Business Worldwide Feed

   ____________________

Music Business Worldwide

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + Who We Are
          + What We Do

   Interviews

Inside Pulse Music Group

   Interviews

Genius Speaks

   News

SPOT in India

   News

ASM Global buys 25% shareholding in Aus stadium operator VenuesLive

   ASM Global was formed through the recent merger of AEG Facilities and
   SMG

   News

Amazon Echo and Alexa launch in Brazil, just three weeks after arrival of
Amazon Music

   Alexa experience has been 'built from the ground up' for Brazil

   News

Paul Shaver named President of Canadian body CMRRA

   Exec has previously worked for Nielsen, Virgin Music Canada, EMI Music
   Canada, Universal Music Canada and Open Road Records & RGK
   Entertainment

   News

BPI backs MBW’s UK-focused A&R Awards, as event sells out (again)

   The ceremony has now completely (as in, completely) sold out, for the
   fourth year in a row

   News

CTS Eventim expands into Russia with acquisition of promoter Talent Concert
International

   Founding duo will continue to manage TCI’s business and retain a stake
   in the company

   News

SoundCloud Go+ launches in Austria

   Platform's premium tier is now available in 15 countries

   News

Live Nation Finland acquires Hög Agency

   Agency was founded in 2016

   News

YouTube and Hulu executives join Troy Carter’s Q&A

   Appointments follow other recent hires from Amazon, Universal and
   Paradigm

   News

Nuclear Blast bolsters leadership team in Europe with appointment of Antje
Lange & Jens Prueter

   Prueter to lead A&R for Europe and Lange to become Chief Operating
   Officer

   News

Sylvain Gazaignes promoted to General Manager of BMG France

   Exec first joined BMG France in 2011 as A&R Manager

   News

AEG Facilities and SMG complete merger to create ASM Global

   ASM is headquartered in Los Angeles

   Analysis News

The major labels are starting to find life tougher in Sweden. Is this a
wake-up call for the future?

   Independent artists continue to rise – as first-party playlists take
   control in crucial market

   News

Spotify users can now combine music and podcasts on playlists

   'It’s as easy as making a playlist full of music.'

   News

Katie Vinten launches Black Diamond Artist Management

   Roster includes Justin Tranter, Zach Skelton, Caroline Pennell, and Boy
   Matthews

   News

Symphonic names music industry veteran Brandon Hixon as Head of newly-created
Black Music Division

   Former Columbia Records exec has more than 20 years' experience in the
   global hip-hop business

     * Older posts
     *

Music Business Worldwide

   The best of MBW, plus the most important music biz stories on the web.
   Delivered for FREE, direct to your inbox each day.
   ____________________
   [X] Receive MBW Newsletter
   [X] Receive MBW News Alerts
   [X] Receive MBW Industry Jobs
   MBW will occasionally send important promotional emails that involve
   strategic collaborations with industry partners. We don't send rubbish
   and they help us continue to exist. Tick this next box to ensure you
   get 'em.
   [ ] Receive MBW Promotions
   (BUTTON) Sign Up (BUTTON) Close
   [Inspiring-women_300x100-2.gif]
   [Banner_300x100.gif]
   [The-worlds-greatest-songwriter-Banner_300x100-1.gif]
   [Banner_300x100-2.gif]

Latest Music Business Jobs

   London, United Kingdom Insanity

Insanity – Finance Assistant (UK)

   United States Believe

Believe – Artist Relation Manager, Distribution, Metal / Punk Rock / Hardcore
(US)

   London, United Kingdom COMMUNION PRESENTS

Communion Presents – Booker (UK)

   New York, United States SONY MUSIC

Sony Music – Director, Digital Design (US)

   Los Angeles, United States APPLE

Apple – Digital Marketing Analyst (US)

Popular Articles

'Songwriters have a challenging life. It's a certain kind of grind that we
really understand.'

BPI backs MBW's UK-focused A&R Awards, as event sells out (again)

‘If we want to build value in this industry, we have to tell the real stories
of how music is made.’

The major labels are starting to find life tougher in Sweden. Is this a
wake-up call for the future?

YouTube and Hulu executives join Troy Carter's Q&A

Music Business Worldwide
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Who We Are
     * What We Do

Our Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Terms Of Use
     * Comments Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy

Contact Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Contact Us
     * Advertise With Us
     * Send Us News
     * General Enquiries
     * Report A Problem

Follow Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter
     * RSS
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2019 Music Business Worldwide
   27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX
   Website by 44 Bytes

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + What We Do
          + Who We Are

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
    #prev next Music Business Worldwide Feed

   ____________________

Music Business Worldwide

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + Who We Are
          + What We Do

Older Posts

   News

Grammy-nominated songwriter and producer Busbee dies aged 43

   LA-based hit producer and songwriter has five No.1 singles to his
   credit

   News

Concord buys rock label Victory Records and sister company Another Victory
Publishing

   The acquisition includes approximately 4,500 master recordings and
   3,500 compositions

   News

SoundCloud’s Chris Blackburn joins Global’s DAX US as VP for Sales and
Business Development

   Exec was previously SoundCloud's Head of Global Sales and Partnerships

   News

Deezer takes on Spotify with 5 new global podcast company partnerships

   Company also reveals 250% growth in podcast usage in the last two years

   News

YouTube Music app now preinstalled on all new Android 10 devices

   Icon should be visible as soon a new device is started up

   News

ADA Worldwide inks global distribution deal with Joey Bada$$ label Pro Era
Records

   Roster includes CJ Fly, Nyck Caution, Aaron Rose and more

   News

Leif O. Ribe named General Manager of Warner Music Norway

   Exec to join the Warner Music team after working in a number of senior
   marketing and A&R roles at Sony Music Norway

   News

Instrumental’s record label frtyfve partners with Movember Foundation on
global ‘Mo Sounds’ initiative

   Participating artists to donate 50% of profits from the recordings to
   benefit Movember’s cause areas

   News

Endeavor Group postpones planned IPO

   'Endeavor will will continue to evaluate the timing for the proposed
   offering as market conditions develop.'

   Interviews News

Rob Stringer talks Sony’s strategy, Tencent/Universal… and why music is worth
more than ‘2 minutes of someone snoring in Lapland’

   Sony Music Group Chairman & CEO gives his thoughts on the modern
   marketplace

   News

Cooking Vinyl signs Fickle Friends to worldwide artist services deal

   Deal follows success of their debut UK Top 10 album You Are Someone
   Else

   News

Todd Moscowitz’s Alamo Records hires Tiara Hargrave in EVP role

   "I am thrilled to have Tiara in this important role at Alamo."

   News

Sam Potts joins AWAL as Vice President of Promotion

   Potts joins AWAL after being Head of Radio Promotions at Columbia
   Records

   News

Licensing start-up Soundfeed, used by 150 labels, moves to open beta

   Company says that it simplifies the task of finding licensable
   repertoire from non-domestic territories

   News

Start-up Audoo joins Abbey Road Red tech incubator

   Audoo was launched in 2018 to monitor and distribute music royalties

     * Older posts
     * Newer posts

Music Business Worldwide

   The best of MBW, plus the most important music biz stories on the web.
   Delivered for FREE, direct to your inbox each day.
   ____________________
   [X] Receive MBW Newsletter
   [X] Receive MBW News Alerts
   [X] Receive MBW Industry Jobs
   MBW will occasionally send important promotional emails that involve
   strategic collaborations with industry partners. We don't send rubbish
   and they help us continue to exist. Tick this next box to ensure you
   get 'em.
   [ ] Receive MBW Promotions
   (BUTTON) Sign Up (BUTTON) Close
   [Inspiring-women_300x100-2.gif]
   [Banner_300x100.gif]
   [The-worlds-greatest-songwriter-Banner_300x100-1.gif]
   [Banner_300x100-2.gif]

Latest Music Business Jobs

   London, United Kingdom Insanity

Insanity – Finance Assistant (UK)

   United States Believe

Believe – Artist Relation Manager, Distribution, Metal / Punk Rock / Hardcore
(US)

   London, United Kingdom COMMUNION PRESENTS

Communion Presents – Booker (UK)

   New York, United States SONY MUSIC

Sony Music – Director, Digital Design (US)

   Los Angeles, United States APPLE

Apple – Digital Marketing Analyst (US)

Popular Articles

'Songwriters have a challenging life. It's a certain kind of grind that we
really understand.'

BPI backs MBW's UK-focused A&R Awards, as event sells out (again)

‘If we want to build value in this industry, we have to tell the real stories
of how music is made.’

The major labels are starting to find life tougher in Sweden. Is this a
wake-up call for the future?

YouTube and Hulu executives join Troy Carter's Q&A

Music Business Worldwide
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Who We Are
     * What We Do

Our Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Terms Of Use
     * Comments Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy

Contact Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Contact Us
     * Advertise With Us
     * Send Us News
     * General Enquiries
     * Report A Problem

Follow Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter
     * RSS
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2019 Music Business Worldwide
   27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX
   Website by 44 Bytes

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + What We Do
          + Who We Are

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
    #alternate alternate Music Business Worldwide Feed

   ____________________

Music Business Worldwide

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + Who We Are
          + What We Do

   We may collect information about your computer, including where
   available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for
   system administration and to report aggregate information (ie. total
   month’s impressions, clicks) to our advertisers. This is statistical
   data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not
   identify any individual. We use Google Analytics for this purpose.

   For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general
   internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive
   of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to
   your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to
   deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
     * To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
     * To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to
       customise our site according to your individual interests.
     * To speed up your searches.
     * To recognise you when you return to our site.

   You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your
   browser that allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if
   you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of
   our site.

   Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse
   cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.

   MBW does not host personalized advertising.

   Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we
   have no control.

Latest Music Business Jobs

   New York, United States SONY MUSIC

Sony Music – Director, Digital Design (US)

   Los Angeles, United States APPLE

Apple – Digital Marketing Analyst (US)

   Los Angeles, United States SPOTIFY

Spotify – Exclusives Lead (US)

   London, United Kingdom BMG

BMG – Junior Creative, Sync (UK)

   London, United Kingdom WMA

WMA – Marketing Strategy Manager (UK)

Music Business Worldwide

   The best of MBW, plus the most important music biz stories on the web.
   Delivered for FREE, direct to your inbox each day.
   ____________________
   [X] Receive MBW Newsletter
   [X] Receive MBW News Alerts
   [X] Receive MBW Industry Jobs
   MBW will occasionally send important promotional emails that involve
   strategic collaborations with industry partners. We don't send rubbish
   and they help us continue to exist. Tick this next box to ensure you
   get 'em.
   [ ] Receive MBW Promotions
   (BUTTON) Sign Up (BUTTON) Close

Popular Articles

The major labels are starting to find life tougher in Sweden. Is this a
wake-up call for the future?

'Songwriters have a challenging life. It's a certain kind of grind that we
really understand.'

YouTube and Hulu executives join Troy Carter's Q&A

‘If we want to build value in this industry, we have to tell the real stories
of how music is made.’

Grammy-nominated songwriter and producer Busbee dies aged 43

   [Inspiring-women_300x100-2.gif]
   [Banner_300x100.gif]
   [The-worlds-greatest-songwriter-Banner_300x100-1.gif]
   [Banner_300x100-2.gif]

Music Business Worldwide
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Who We Are
     * What We Do

Our Policy
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Terms Of Use
     * Comments Policy
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy

Contact Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Contact Us
     * Advertise With Us
     * Send Us News
     * General Enquiries
     * Report A Problem

Follow Us
     __________________________________________________________________

     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter
     * RSS
     __________________________________________________________________

   © 2019 Music Business Worldwide
   27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX
   Website by 44 Bytes

     * Read
          + News
          + Interviews
          + Analysis
          + Blog
     * Jobs
     * Podcast
     * About
          + What We Do
          + Who We Are

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
