    #alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   computerworld
   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Google Slides cheat sheet
     * 5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909
     * 8 simple ways to clean data with Excel
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * How to supercharge Slack with ‘action’ apps
     * Microsoft set to close licensing loopholes, leave cloud rivals high
       and dry
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet: Ribbon quick reference
     * 7 Quick Base tips and tricks

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

     * Windows by the numbers: Windows 10 user share surges as loafers
       heed impending...
     * RELATED STORIES
     * Windows 10 update (and retirement) calendar: Mark these dates
     * SPONSORED BY Advertiser Name Here Sponsored item title goes here as
       designed
     * Windows 7 add-on support to cost up to $350 per PC for 3 more years
       of patches
     * Microsoft to start selling Windows 7 add-on support April 1

     * Home
     * Operating Systems
     * Windows

   News

Microsoft offers free post-2020 Windows 7 support for Win 10 Enterprise
subscribers

The company will give Windows 7 Extended Security Updates to EA and EAS
customers with active subscriptions to Windows 10 Enterprise E5, Microsoft
365 E5 or Microsoft 365 E5 Security.

     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [linkedin.svg]
     * [reddit.svg]
     * [mail.svg]
     * [print.svg]
     *

   Gregg Keizer By Gregg Keizer

   Senior Reporter, Computerworld
   |
   windows 10 acts like windows 7 Microsoft

   Microsoft is giving away one year of post-retirement support for
   Windows 7 to customers with active Windows 10 subscriptions.

   "Enterprise Agreement and Enterprise Agreement Subscription (EA and
   EAS) customers with active subscription licenses to Windows 10
   Enterprise E5, Microsoft 365 E5, or Microsoft 365 E5 Security will get
   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates for Year 1 as a benefit," Microsoft
   said in a FAQ about the end of support for Windows 7 and Office 2010.

   Windows 10 Enterprise E5 and Microsoft 365 E5 are the top-tier
   subscriptions of the OS or packages that include the operating system.
   They are the highest-priced plans in their specific lines.

   [ Related: How to protect Windows 10 PCs from ransomware ]

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU), announced in September 2018,
   were cast as a last resort for organizations unable to move off the OS
   before its Jan. 14, 2020, retirement. For a per-device fee, businesses
   would receive security updates to patch the most serious
   vulnerabilities, letting them continue running Windows 7. ESU was to be
   sold in one-year increments for a maximum of three years, making
   January 2023 the final-final retirement for the operating system.

   Later revelations showed that ESU costs would double at the second
   year, then again for the third. Prices would range from $25 per device
   - for the first year and discounted for Windows 10 Enterprise or
   Microsoft 365 subscribers - to $200 per device, that highest price for
   the third year.

   Microsoft's promotion, which runs through Dec. 31, provides the first
   year of ESU to all subscribers of the eligible plans if those
   subscriptions were purchased before the end of this year and still
   active on the last day of December.

   "Qualifying subscription licenses must remain active throughout the
   full ESU coverage period, or the free ESU coverage expires with the
   subscription," Microsoft said.

   [ Got a spare hour? Take this online course and learn how to install
   and configure Windows 10 with the options you need. ]

   Years 2 and 3 of ESU can be purchased separately for $50 and $100 per
   device, respectively, although Microsoft expected they wouldn't be
   needed. "We believe most customers that need to purchase Windows 7 ESU
   will need only Year 1 coverage," the company wrote in the FAQ. "[And]
   the annual price increases ... are intended to incent customers to
   continue their momentum on Windows 10 deployments."

   Windows 7 ESU Microsoft

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU) cost $50 for Year 1 for PCs
   licensed by Windows Pro, $25 for those covered by a Windows 10
   Enterprise E3 subscription and are free to devices under Windows 10
   Enterprise E5.

   Related:
     * Windows
     * PCs
     * Microsoft
     * Security

   Senior Reporter Gregg Keizer covers Windows, Office, Apple/enterprise,
   web browsers and web apps for Computerworld.
   Follow
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.

   Where does this document go — OneDrive for Business or SharePoint?



   Shop Tech Products at Amazon

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
    #RSS Feed

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]

computerworld

   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Google Slides cheat sheet
     * 5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909
     * 8 simple ways to clean data with Excel
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * How to supercharge Slack with ‘action’ apps
     * Microsoft set to close licensing loopholes, leave cloud rivals high
       and dry
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet: Ribbon quick reference
     * 7 Quick Base tips and tricks

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

Google Slides cheat sheet

5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909

Google Fi: The complete FAQ

   Advertisement
     * Don't Miss:
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates
     * 8 ways to clean data with Excel
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet
     * IDG TECH(talk)
     * IT event calendar

   IT In-Depth
     * Computerworld slideshow: Top 10 file-sharing options [COVER]
       Top 10 file-sharing options: Dropbox, Box, Google Drive, OneDrive
       and more
     * ipados 13
       13+ things to try first when you upgrade to iPad OS
     * Chains of binary data.
       How pharma will soon use blockchain to track your drugs
     * 100515 microsoft linux
       Call me crazy, but Windows 11 could run on Linux

   questions analytics
   Woody on Windows

What do we know about the big, scary, exploited, emergency-patched IE
security hole CVE-2019-1367?

Short answer: nothing. Long answer: almost nothing. But we sure have a
convoluted mess of a cleanup.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Woody Leonhard Woody Leonhard
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   170509 securitykeys 1
   Apple Holic

Apple just made Safari a better fit for the enterprise

Apple has added support for USB security keys in Safari 13.0.1 for the Mac.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Jonny Evans Jonny Evans
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   supply chain blockchain coffee beans hand with coffee cup of coffee by
   nathan dumlao via unsplash

How blockchain is helping the coffee industry count beans

Blockchain will enable farmers, bankers, exporters and others to track and
trace the shipment of coffee beans from grower to retailer.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Lucas Mearian Lucas Mearian
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Advertisement
   Google Slides / A team views a presentation on screen.

Google Slides cheat sheet

How to use Google Slides to create, collaborate on, and lead business
presentations.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Howard Wen
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

That sounds much better

But it might be even better without that darn I at the beginning.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld's 100 Best Places to Work in IT 2019
   Microsoft > OneDrive [Office 365]

Microsoft starts selling extra OneDrive space to Office 365 subscribers

Customers who subscribe to Microsoft's consumer-grade Office 365 plans can
now buy additional OneDrive storage. One terabyte will cost $10 a month.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Man looking through binoculars preview look watching

Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the Insider Preview builds

Get the latest info on new builds of Windows 10 19H2 and 20H1 as they roll
out from Microsoft. Now updated for Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 18990
for 20H1, released on Sept. 24, 2019.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Preston Gralla Preston Gralla
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   windows 10 logo

Windows 10: A guide to the updates

Here's what you need to know about each update to Windows 10 as it's released
from Microsoft. Now updated for KB4522016 (OS Build 18362.357), released
Sept. 23, 2019.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Preston Gralla Preston Gralla
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Patch + update options > Pixelized tools + refresh symbol with
   branching paths
   Woody on Windows

Microsoft releases emergency IE patches inside 'optional, non-security'
cumulative updates

After posting patches yesterday that are directed at an Internet Explorer
security hole claimed to be under active attack, Microsoft took the next step
and released “optional, non-security” Win10 patches through Windows Update
and...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Woody Leonhard Woody Leonhard
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Google Fi (Project Fi)
   Android Intelligence

Google Fi: The complete FAQ

Google's wireless service can save you money and provide some pretty
appealing perks, but there's a lot to wrap your head around before deciding
if Fi is right for you.
     __________________________________________________________________

   JR Raphael JR Raphael
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Resources
   View All
     * Keap
       eGuide
       Sponsored
       Do you know what your clients expect from you?
     * Keap
       eGuide
       Sponsored
       25 things every small business should automate
     * CyberGRX
       eBook
       Sponsored
       A No Hassle Guide to Effective Third-Party Management
     * CyberGRX
       White Paper
       Analytics: The Key to Identifying and Mitigating Third-Party Risk

   Advertisement
   ipados 13
   Apple Holic

13+ things to try first when you upgrade to iPad OS

Here are the iPad-only improvements you’ll want to explore.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Jonny Evans Jonny Evans
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   secure encrypted internet web browser address bar

Microsoft delivers emergency security update for antiquated IE

The browser flaw, a classic 'zero-day' vulnerability found by a security
engineer with Google's Threat Analysis Group, is already being exploited by
attackers.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   windows 10 windows microsoft laptop keyboard update by nirodesign getty

5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909

The next version of Windows 10 is due to arrive soon. But for enterprise
customers, a number of questions remain about what it will entail and whether
it sets the stage for all future fall updates.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

But why would you want another tie?

Must be the principle of the thing.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   intel stratix 10 1
   IDG Contributor Network

Intel ships Stratix 10 DX FPGAs with PCIe 4 and Optane support, partners with
VMWare

The company’s latest Field Programmable Gate Arrays for accelerating data
center workloads will feature support for faster high-speed interconnects and
non-volatile Optane memory.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Dave Altavilla and Marco Chiappetta
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Get the best of Computerworld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our
   free newsletters
   Subscribe
   From Our Advertisers
     * Cloud choices
       Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise
       Defining the Next Chapter for the IT Industry: On-Premises
       IT-as-a-Service
     * istock 1136861473
       Sponsored by Carbonite
       What to Look for in a Data Protection Solution for Office 365
     * blog 10
       Sponsored by Microsoft
       Working smarter with Microsoft 365
     * istock 1051617224
       Sponsored by Blue Prism
       Connected RPA Delivers A Digital Workforce
     __________________________________________________________________

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   success



   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   computerworld
   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Google Slides cheat sheet
     * 5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909
     * 8 simple ways to clean data with Excel
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * How to supercharge Slack with ‘action’ apps
     * Microsoft set to close licensing loopholes, leave cloud rivals high
       and dry
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet: Ribbon quick reference
     * 7 Quick Base tips and tricks

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

Member Preferences

   [About Us__________________________]
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Advertising
     * Events
     * Careers at IDG
     * Ad Choices
     * Privacy Policies
     * Member Preferences
     * Copyright Information
     * E-commerce Affiliate Relationships
     * Cookie Policy

   IDG Communications, Inc. (IDGC) takes the protection of your personal
   data very seriously. Protecting your privacy is paramount to us.
   Compliance with legal provisions — such as the European Union's General
   Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), CAN-SPAM Act and others is a matter
   of course for us. On this page we want to briefly explain how you can
   be an active participant in the management of your data and personal
   preferences. For additional information, please reference IDGC's
   privacy policy and cookie policy.

   On this page you'll be able to:
     * Manage your email subscriptions
     * Learn more about IDG sponsors and your data
     * Request your IDGC Consent audit log
     * Request to be Forgotten (EU residents)

Messaging preferences

   IDG Communications Inc. provides a variety of messaging capabilities to
   keep technology professionals abreast of the latest trends, products,
   opinions and updates to our websites. We appreciate your subscriptions
   to these services. If for any reason you'd like to discontinue these
   services, here are a few options.

Editorial newsletters

   Editorial newsletters from Computerworld such as Computerworld First
   Look and All Things Apple.

   Edit my preferences

Sponsored promotions

   3rd-party sponsored promotions (email, direct marketing, SMS/text)

   Edit my preferences

Unsubscribe from everything

   If you'd like to discontinue receiving all newsletter and promotions
   (email, telemarketing, SMS/text) from ALL IDGC brands, please submit
   your request in writing to: websites@idg.com.

Consent Audit Log

   You are able to request your IDGC consent audit log. If you'd like to
   request your consent audit log, please submit a request in writing to:
   DataRequest@idg.com.

Right to be Forgotten

   For European Union residents under the jurisdiction of GDPR, you are
   able to request IDGC removes all personal identifiable information from
   our systems. If you'd like to request to be forgotten, please submit a
   request in writing to: preferences@idg.com.

Cookie Consent

   Residents of the European Union can review and modify their cookie
   consent settings for this site at any time.

Mailing address

   Should you choose to notify us of any of the above preferences by
   postal service, here is our address:

   IDG Communications, Inc.
   c/o Member Services
   5 Speen Street
   Framingham, MA 01701
   U.S.A.

And now a word from our sponsors…

   IDGC provides marketing services for businesses around the world. As a
   subscriber to IDGC's content, your data may be shared with those
   entities. Upon registering for sponsor content, your data may live
   outside of IDGC's jurisdiction. To remove yourself from a sponsor's
   marketing, please contact the specific sponsor directly.

For more information

   Please contact IDGC's Data Protection Officer
   (GDPR@idgcommunications.com).

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   Cookies on Computerworld

   We have updated our cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we
   give you the best experience on our website. This includes cookies from
   third party social media websites and advertising. Such third party
   cookies may track your use of this site.
   (BUTTON) Decline (BUTTON) I Accept

   (BUTTON) Cookies

   News

Microsoft offers free post-2020 Windows 7 support for Win 10 Enterprise
subscribers

The company will give Windows 7 Extended Security Updates to EA and EAS
customers with active subscriptions to Windows 10 Enterprise E5, Microsoft
365 E5 or Microsoft 365 E5 Security.

   Microsoft
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Gregg Keizer
   Senior Reporter, Computerworld
   Aug 26, 2019 3:00 AM PT

   Microsoft is giving away one year of post-retirement support for
   Windows 7 to customers with active Windows 10 subscriptions.

   "Enterprise Agreement and Enterprise Agreement Subscription (EA and
   EAS) customers with active subscription licenses to Windows 10
   Enterprise E5, Microsoft 365 E5, or Microsoft 365 E5 Security will get
   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates for Year 1 as a benefit," Microsoft
   said in a FAQ about the end of support for Windows 7 and Office 2010.

   Windows 10 Enterprise E5 and Microsoft 365 E5 are the top-tier
   subscriptions of the OS or packages that include the operating system.
   They are the highest-priced plans in their specific lines.

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU), announced in September 2018,
   were cast as a last resort for organizations unable to move off the OS
   before its Jan. 14, 2020, retirement. For a per-device fee, businesses
   would receive security updates to patch the most serious
   vulnerabilities, letting them continue running Windows 7. ESU was to be
   sold in one-year increments for a maximum of three years, making
   January 2023 the final-final retirement for the operating system.

   Later revelations showed that ESU costs would double at the second
   year, then again for the third. Prices would range from $25 per device
   - for the first year and discounted for Windows 10 Enterprise or
   Microsoft 365 subscribers - to $200 per device, that highest price for
   the third year.

   Microsoft's promotion, which runs through Dec. 31, provides the first
   year of ESU to all subscribers of the eligible plans if those
   subscriptions were purchased before the end of this year and still
   active on the last day of December.

   "Qualifying subscription licenses must remain active throughout the
   full ESU coverage period, or the free ESU coverage expires with the
   subscription," Microsoft said.

   Years 2 and 3 of ESU can be purchased separately for $50 and $100 per
   device, respectively, although Microsoft expected they wouldn't be
   needed. "We believe most customers that need to purchase Windows 7 ESU
   will need only Year 1 coverage," the company wrote in the FAQ. "[And]
   the annual price increases ... are intended to incent customers to
   continue their momentum on Windows 10 deployments."
   Microsoft

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU) cost $50 for Year 1 for PCs
   licensed by Windows Pro, $25 for those covered by a Windows 10
   Enterprise E3 subscription and are free to devices under Windows 10
   Enterprise E5.
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Privacy Policy
     * E-commerce Affiliate Relationships

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
    #alternate

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   computerworld
   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Google Slides cheat sheet
     * 5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909
     * 8 simple ways to clean data with Excel
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * How to supercharge Slack with ‘action’ apps
     * Microsoft set to close licensing loopholes, leave cloud rivals high
       and dry
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet: Ribbon quick reference
     * 7 Quick Base tips and tricks

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

     * Windows by the numbers: Windows 10 user share surges as loafers
       heed impending...
     * RELATED STORIES
     * Windows 10 update (and retirement) calendar: Mark these dates
     * SPONSORED BY Advertiser Name Here Sponsored item title goes here as
       designed
     * Windows 7 add-on support to cost up to $350 per PC for 3 more years
       of patches
     * Microsoft to start selling Windows 7 add-on support April 1

     * Home
     * Operating Systems
     * Windows

   News

Microsoft offers free post-2020 Windows 7 support for Win 10 Enterprise
subscribers

The company will give Windows 7 Extended Security Updates to EA and EAS
customers with active subscriptions to Windows 10 Enterprise E5, Microsoft
365 E5 or Microsoft 365 E5 Security.

     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [linkedin.svg]
     * [reddit.svg]
     * [mail.svg]
     * [print.svg]
     *

   Gregg Keizer By Gregg Keizer

   Senior Reporter, Computerworld
   |
   windows 10 acts like windows 7 Microsoft

   Microsoft is giving away one year of post-retirement support for
   Windows 7 to customers with active Windows 10 subscriptions.

   "Enterprise Agreement and Enterprise Agreement Subscription (EA and
   EAS) customers with active subscription licenses to Windows 10
   Enterprise E5, Microsoft 365 E5, or Microsoft 365 E5 Security will get
   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates for Year 1 as a benefit," Microsoft
   said in a FAQ about the end of support for Windows 7 and Office 2010.

   Windows 10 Enterprise E5 and Microsoft 365 E5 are the top-tier
   subscriptions of the OS or packages that include the operating system.
   They are the highest-priced plans in their specific lines.

   [ Related: How to protect Windows 10 PCs from ransomware ]

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU), announced in September 2018,
   were cast as a last resort for organizations unable to move off the OS
   before its Jan. 14, 2020, retirement. For a per-device fee, businesses
   would receive security updates to patch the most serious
   vulnerabilities, letting them continue running Windows 7. ESU was to be
   sold in one-year increments for a maximum of three years, making
   January 2023 the final-final retirement for the operating system.

   Later revelations showed that ESU costs would double at the second
   year, then again for the third. Prices would range from $25 per device
   - for the first year and discounted for Windows 10 Enterprise or
   Microsoft 365 subscribers - to $200 per device, that highest price for
   the third year.

   Microsoft's promotion, which runs through Dec. 31, provides the first
   year of ESU to all subscribers of the eligible plans if those
   subscriptions were purchased before the end of this year and still
   active on the last day of December.

   "Qualifying subscription licenses must remain active throughout the
   full ESU coverage period, or the free ESU coverage expires with the
   subscription," Microsoft said.

   [ Got a spare hour? Take this online course and learn how to install
   and configure Windows 10 with the options you need. ]

   Years 2 and 3 of ESU can be purchased separately for $50 and $100 per
   device, respectively, although Microsoft expected they wouldn't be
   needed. "We believe most customers that need to purchase Windows 7 ESU
   will need only Year 1 coverage," the company wrote in the FAQ. "[And]
   the annual price increases ... are intended to incent customers to
   continue their momentum on Windows 10 deployments."

   Windows 7 ESU Microsoft

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU) cost $50 for Year 1 for PCs
   licensed by Windows Pro, $25 for those covered by a Windows 10
   Enterprise E3 subscription and are free to devices under Windows 10
   Enterprise E5.

   Related:
     * Windows
     * PCs
     * Microsoft
     * Security

   Senior Reporter Gregg Keizer covers Windows, Office, Apple/enterprise,
   web browsers and web apps for Computerworld.
   Follow
     *
     *
     *
     *

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.

   Where does this document go — OneDrive for Business or SharePoint?



   Shop Tech Products at Amazon

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
    #RSS Feed

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]

computerworld

   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Google Slides cheat sheet
     * 5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909
     * 8 simple ways to clean data with Excel
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * How to supercharge Slack with ‘action’ apps
     * Microsoft set to close licensing loopholes, leave cloud rivals high
       and dry
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet: Ribbon quick reference
     * 7 Quick Base tips and tricks

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

Google Slides cheat sheet

5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909

Google Fi: The complete FAQ

   Advertisement
     * Don't Miss:
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates
     * 8 ways to clean data with Excel
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet
     * IDG TECH(talk)
     * IT event calendar

   IT In-Depth
     * Computerworld slideshow: Top 10 file-sharing options [COVER]
       Top 10 file-sharing options: Dropbox, Box, Google Drive, OneDrive
       and more
     * ipados 13
       13+ things to try first when you upgrade to iPad OS
     * Chains of binary data.
       How pharma will soon use blockchain to track your drugs
     * 100515 microsoft linux
       Call me crazy, but Windows 11 could run on Linux

   questions analytics
   Woody on Windows

What do we know about the big, scary, exploited, emergency-patched IE
security hole CVE-2019-1367?

Short answer: nothing. Long answer: almost nothing. But we sure have a
convoluted mess of a cleanup.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Woody Leonhard Woody Leonhard
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   170509 securitykeys 1
   Apple Holic

Apple just made Safari a better fit for the enterprise

Apple has added support for USB security keys in Safari 13.0.1 for the Mac.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Jonny Evans Jonny Evans
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   supply chain blockchain coffee beans hand with coffee cup of coffee by
   nathan dumlao via unsplash

How blockchain is helping the coffee industry count beans

Blockchain will enable farmers, bankers, exporters and others to track and
trace the shipment of coffee beans from grower to retailer.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Lucas Mearian Lucas Mearian
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Advertisement
   Google Slides / A team views a presentation on screen.

Google Slides cheat sheet

How to use Google Slides to create, collaborate on, and lead business
presentations.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Howard Wen
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

That sounds much better

But it might be even better without that darn I at the beginning.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld's 100 Best Places to Work in IT 2019
   Microsoft > OneDrive [Office 365]

Microsoft starts selling extra OneDrive space to Office 365 subscribers

Customers who subscribe to Microsoft's consumer-grade Office 365 plans can
now buy additional OneDrive storage. One terabyte will cost $10 a month.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Man looking through binoculars preview look watching

Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the Insider Preview builds

Get the latest info on new builds of Windows 10 19H2 and 20H1 as they roll
out from Microsoft. Now updated for Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 18990
for 20H1, released on Sept. 24, 2019.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Preston Gralla Preston Gralla
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   windows 10 logo

Windows 10: A guide to the updates

Here's what you need to know about each update to Windows 10 as it's released
from Microsoft. Now updated for KB4522016 (OS Build 18362.357), released
Sept. 23, 2019.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Preston Gralla Preston Gralla
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Patch + update options > Pixelized tools + refresh symbol with
   branching paths
   Woody on Windows

Microsoft releases emergency IE patches inside 'optional, non-security'
cumulative updates

After posting patches yesterday that are directed at an Internet Explorer
security hole claimed to be under active attack, Microsoft took the next step
and released “optional, non-security” Win10 patches through Windows Update
and...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Woody Leonhard Woody Leonhard
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Google Fi (Project Fi)
   Android Intelligence

Google Fi: The complete FAQ

Google's wireless service can save you money and provide some pretty
appealing perks, but there's a lot to wrap your head around before deciding
if Fi is right for you.
     __________________________________________________________________

   JR Raphael JR Raphael
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Resources
   View All
     * Keap
       eGuide
       Sponsored
       Do you know what your clients expect from you?
     * Keap
       eGuide
       Sponsored
       25 things every small business should automate
     * CyberGRX
       eBook
       Sponsored
       A No Hassle Guide to Effective Third-Party Management
     * CyberGRX
       White Paper
       Analytics: The Key to Identifying and Mitigating Third-Party Risk

   Advertisement
   ipados 13
   Apple Holic

13+ things to try first when you upgrade to iPad OS

Here are the iPad-only improvements you’ll want to explore.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Jonny Evans Jonny Evans
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   secure encrypted internet web browser address bar

Microsoft delivers emergency security update for antiquated IE

The browser flaw, a classic 'zero-day' vulnerability found by a security
engineer with Google's Threat Analysis Group, is already being exploited by
attackers.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   windows 10 windows microsoft laptop keyboard update by nirodesign getty

5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909

The next version of Windows 10 is due to arrive soon. But for enterprise
customers, a number of questions remain about what it will entail and whether
it sets the stage for all future fall updates.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

But why would you want another tie?

Must be the principle of the thing.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   intel stratix 10 1
   IDG Contributor Network

Intel ships Stratix 10 DX FPGAs with PCIe 4 and Optane support, partners with
VMWare

The company’s latest Field Programmable Gate Arrays for accelerating data
center workloads will feature support for faster high-speed interconnects and
non-volatile Optane memory.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Dave Altavilla and Marco Chiappetta
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Get the best of Computerworld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our
   free newsletters
   Subscribe
   From Our Advertisers
     * Cloud choices
       Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise
       Defining the Next Chapter for the IT Industry: On-Premises
       IT-as-a-Service
     * istock 1136861473
       Sponsored by Carbonite
       What to Look for in a Data Protection Solution for Office 365
     * blog 10
       Sponsored by Microsoft
       Working smarter with Microsoft 365
     * istock 1051617224
       Sponsored by Blue Prism
       Connected RPA Delivers A Digital Workforce
     __________________________________________________________________

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   success



   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   computerworld
   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Google Slides cheat sheet
     * 5 unanswered questions about Windows 10 1909
     * 8 simple ways to clean data with Excel
     * How to handle Windows 10 updates

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * How to supercharge Slack with ‘action’ apps
     * Microsoft set to close licensing loopholes, leave cloud rivals high
       and dry
     * Word 2016 and 2019 cheat sheet: Ribbon quick reference
     * 7 Quick Base tips and tricks

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

Member Preferences

   [About Us__________________________]
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Advertising
     * Events
     * Careers at IDG
     * Ad Choices
     * Privacy Policies
     * Member Preferences
     * Copyright Information
     * E-commerce Affiliate Relationships
     * Cookie Policy

   IDG Communications, Inc. (IDGC) takes the protection of your personal
   data very seriously. Protecting your privacy is paramount to us.
   Compliance with legal provisions — such as the European Union's General
   Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), CAN-SPAM Act and others is a matter
   of course for us. On this page we want to briefly explain how you can
   be an active participant in the management of your data and personal
   preferences. For additional information, please reference IDGC's
   privacy policy and cookie policy.

   On this page you'll be able to:
     * Manage your email subscriptions
     * Learn more about IDG sponsors and your data
     * Request your IDGC Consent audit log
     * Request to be Forgotten (EU residents)

Messaging preferences

   IDG Communications Inc. provides a variety of messaging capabilities to
   keep technology professionals abreast of the latest trends, products,
   opinions and updates to our websites. We appreciate your subscriptions
   to these services. If for any reason you'd like to discontinue these
   services, here are a few options.

Editorial newsletters

   Editorial newsletters from Computerworld such as Computerworld First
   Look and All Things Apple.

   Edit my preferences

Sponsored promotions

   3rd-party sponsored promotions (email, direct marketing, SMS/text)

   Edit my preferences

Unsubscribe from everything

   If you'd like to discontinue receiving all newsletter and promotions
   (email, telemarketing, SMS/text) from ALL IDGC brands, please submit
   your request in writing to: websites@idg.com.

Consent Audit Log

   You are able to request your IDGC consent audit log. If you'd like to
   request your consent audit log, please submit a request in writing to:
   DataRequest@idg.com.

Right to be Forgotten

   For European Union residents under the jurisdiction of GDPR, you are
   able to request IDGC removes all personal identifiable information from
   our systems. If you'd like to request to be forgotten, please submit a
   request in writing to: preferences@idg.com.

Cookie Consent

   Residents of the European Union can review and modify their cookie
   consent settings for this site at any time.

Mailing address

   Should you choose to notify us of any of the above preferences by
   postal service, here is our address:

   IDG Communications, Inc.
   c/o Member Services
   5 Speen Street
   Framingham, MA 01701
   U.S.A.

And now a word from our sponsors…

   IDGC provides marketing services for businesses around the world. As a
   subscriber to IDGC's content, your data may be shared with those
   entities. Upon registering for sponsor content, your data may live
   outside of IDGC's jurisdiction. To remove yourself from a sponsor's
   marketing, please contact the specific sponsor directly.

For more information

   Please contact IDGC's Data Protection Officer
   (GDPR@idgcommunications.com).

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   Cookies on Computerworld

   We have updated our cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we
   give you the best experience on our website. This includes cookies from
   third party social media websites and advertising. Such third party
   cookies may track your use of this site.
   (BUTTON) Decline (BUTTON) I Accept

   (BUTTON) Cookies

   News

Microsoft offers free post-2020 Windows 7 support for Win 10 Enterprise
subscribers

The company will give Windows 7 Extended Security Updates to EA and EAS
customers with active subscriptions to Windows 10 Enterprise E5, Microsoft
365 E5 or Microsoft 365 E5 Security.

   Microsoft
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Gregg Keizer
   Senior Reporter, Computerworld
   Aug 26, 2019 3:00 AM PT

   Microsoft is giving away one year of post-retirement support for
   Windows 7 to customers with active Windows 10 subscriptions.

   "Enterprise Agreement and Enterprise Agreement Subscription (EA and
   EAS) customers with active subscription licenses to Windows 10
   Enterprise E5, Microsoft 365 E5, or Microsoft 365 E5 Security will get
   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates for Year 1 as a benefit," Microsoft
   said in a FAQ about the end of support for Windows 7 and Office 2010.

   Windows 10 Enterprise E5 and Microsoft 365 E5 are the top-tier
   subscriptions of the OS or packages that include the operating system.
   They are the highest-priced plans in their specific lines.

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU), announced in September 2018,
   were cast as a last resort for organizations unable to move off the OS
   before its Jan. 14, 2020, retirement. For a per-device fee, businesses
   would receive security updates to patch the most serious
   vulnerabilities, letting them continue running Windows 7. ESU was to be
   sold in one-year increments for a maximum of three years, making
   January 2023 the final-final retirement for the operating system.

   Later revelations showed that ESU costs would double at the second
   year, then again for the third. Prices would range from $25 per device
   - for the first year and discounted for Windows 10 Enterprise or
   Microsoft 365 subscribers - to $200 per device, that highest price for
   the third year.

   Microsoft's promotion, which runs through Dec. 31, provides the first
   year of ESU to all subscribers of the eligible plans if those
   subscriptions were purchased before the end of this year and still
   active on the last day of December.

   "Qualifying subscription licenses must remain active throughout the
   full ESU coverage period, or the free ESU coverage expires with the
   subscription," Microsoft said.

   Years 2 and 3 of ESU can be purchased separately for $50 and $100 per
   device, respectively, although Microsoft expected they wouldn't be
   needed. "We believe most customers that need to purchase Windows 7 ESU
   will need only Year 1 coverage," the company wrote in the FAQ. "[And]
   the annual price increases ... are intended to incent customers to
   continue their momentum on Windows 10 deployments."
   Microsoft

   Windows 7 Extended Security Updates (ESU) cost $50 for Year 1 for PCs
   licensed by Windows Pro, $25 for those covered by a Windows 10
   Enterprise E3 subscription and are free to devices under Windows 10
   Enterprise E5.
     * About Us
     * Contact Us
     * Ad Choices
     * Privacy Policy
     * E-commerce Affiliate Relationships

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
    #RSS Feed

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]

computerworld

   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Windows 10 1909: 7 oddities, quirks and inconsistencies
     * Windows 10 November 2019 Update: Key enterprise features
     * 5 hidden Windows 10 features you should be using
     * FAQ: Microsoft sharpens Edge

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * Windows 7 to Windows 10 migration guide
     * What women want in the IT workplace: 6 key factors for hiring and
       retention
     * Microsoft Flow: A beginner's guide
     * 12 blockchain-related jobs to consider in 2020

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

Walmart launches its big blockchain-based freight-and-payment network

Windows 10 1909: 7 oddities, quirks and inconsistencies

The best travel apps for Android

   Advertisement
     * Don't Miss:
     * Win 7 to Win 10 migration guide
     * Word for Office 365 cheat sheet
     * 20 Slack tips for power users
     * IT event calendar
     * Google Forms cheat sheet

   IT In-Depth
     * classroom school desks
       Sorry, Apple: For the education market, Chromebook is the clear
       winner
     * Magnifying loupe on the laptop keyboard 147860345
       5 hidden Windows 10 features you should be using
     * Motorola Razr 2019
       Motorola's new Razr gives me hope for the future of foldables
     * ghosts 163679940
       An exorcism at Microsoft

   walmart shoot bison winnipeg blockchain

Walmart launches ‘world’s largest’ blockchain-based freight-and-payment
network

Walmart Canada's blockchain hits the sweet spot for the supply chain industry
as it solves issues such as invoice dispute resolution and real-time data
distribution.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Lucas Mearian Lucas Mearian
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

He heard you fine

Oh, before I leave, what’s GNU?
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   automation gears lightbulb machine learning ai innovation by bananajazz
   getty

Claris launches workflow automation tool beta

The Apple subsidiary says its new Claris Connect is designed to connect
third-party cloud apps and automate workflows.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Matthew Finnegan Matthew Finnegan
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Advertisement
   Security > Binary lock + circuits
   The Zen of Mobile

Mobile security perceptions don't approach reality. And that's a problem.

The best security approaches — such as continuous authentication — are
invisible to the user and therefore frictionless. That's good in practice,
but it can be bad in terms of customer perception. If they don't see it, they
assume...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Evan Schuman Evan Schuman
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   salesforce iphone
   Apple Holic

Salesforce announces new iOS enterprise apps

Apple CEO Tim Cook will join Salesforce co-CEO Marc Benioff to speak at
Dreamforce 2019 on Tuesday, underlining the two companies' commitment to
working together.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Jonny Evans Jonny Evans
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld's 100 Best Places to Work in IT 2019
   classroom with child's desk and stack of books

Sorry, Apple: For the education market, Chromebook is the clear winner

Apple started this fight with some old-school smack talk, but it only
highlighted how it’s clinging to the old PC-centric model.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   CW > Clean Up Your Windows 10 Act

Windows 10 1909: 7 oddities, quirks and inconsistencies

It's a "feature upgrade" without many new features, shares release
documentation with its predecessor, and was ready to go a month before its
actual release. Yes, Windows 10 1909 is a rare bird indeed.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

But isn’t that better than the actual goal?

Unclear on that whole ‘garbage in’ concept.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Man looking through binoculars preview look watching

Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the Insider Preview builds

Get the latest info on new preview builds of Windows 10 as they roll out from
Microsoft. Now updated for Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 19025 for 20H1,
released on Nov. 15, 2019.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Preston Gralla Preston Gralla
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Microsoft Windows update arrows on laptop and mobile phone
   Woody on Windows

What we know about the Win10 version 1909 upgrade — and what you can do about
it

Microsoft magnanimously made the Win10 version 1909 upgrade a 'Download and
install now' option for almost all PCs. The cumulative devil’s in the
details, though, and extensive testing has filled out some of the picture.
Here’s what’s...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Woody Leonhard Woody Leonhard
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Resources
   View All
     * box logo 1
       White Paper
       IDC MarketScape is in, and Box is a Leader
     * [mail.svg]
       White Paper
       Say Hello to The Software-Defined Perimeter (SDP)
     * [mail.svg]
       White Paper
       Top Healthcare Business Intelligence Software―Competitive Report
     * [mail.svg]
       eBook
       Sponsored
       Transform How You Deliver Internet and Web Security

   Advertisement
   medical data accessed via tablet / healthcare IoT monitoring

Yes, Google's using your healthcare data – and it's not alone

There's a multi-billion dollar industry built around collecting healthcare
data and anonymizing it so it can be used for research; it's perfectly legal.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Lucas Mearian Lucas Mearian
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   business travel / airport terminal walkway / traveller

What you need to know about new data-security rules for business travel

From U.S. Customs agents to cybercriminals, everyone wants to copy the data
on your phone and laptop. Here’s how to protect your rights and also avoid
industrial espionage.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Mike Elgan Mike Elgan
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   161129 dell 1
   IDG Contributor Network

The Undead PC: Dell has the best PC sales in their history

It’s time to push back on the idea that the PC market is all but dead. Dell
has had solid sales, customers have never been happier and relationships
(with one noted exception) between OEMs, Intel and Microsoft are improving.
We’ve...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Rob Enderle Rob Enderle
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   calendar and hourglass

Tech event calendar 2019: Upcoming shows, conferences and IT expos

Our sortable chart offers information, dates and locations for a variety of
IT-focused events coming up over the next year.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Ken Mingis Ken Mingis
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

He’s got his number

It really could have been much worse.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Get the best of Computerworld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our
   free newsletters
   Subscribe
   From Our Advertisers
     * istock 940308630
       Featured Sponsor HPE
       3 Methods Toward Managing Multi-Cloud Complexity
     * Cloud choices
       Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise
       Defining the Next Chapter for the IT Industry: On-Premises
       IT-as-a-Service
     * Cloud center
       Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise
       Pay-As-You-Go IT Just Got Easier for Midsize Businesses:
       Introducing HPE
     * blog 10
       Sponsored by Microsoft
       Working smarter with Microsoft 365
     __________________________________________________________________

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
