   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 10.02.19

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun
   control has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential
   debates. Beto O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the
   sale of assault weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing
   guns back from owners. But buying back guns at a national scale isn't
   as simple as it sounds. Politics, heated debates, and real economics
   are all layers that add to a gun buyback's complexity. Would it work in
   America?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.27.19

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism.
   Young voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But
   after the protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be
   taken to ensure systemic change?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.26.19
     * experience economy

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo
   dining booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the
   Brooklyn site to see what all the hype is about.

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 8:00 am
     * world changing ideas

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Fifty-seven million people worked as freelancers this year. For some, it was
out of necessity, but for many others, it’s a new career choice that
government and businesses need to find better ways to support.

   35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5
   years ago
   [Photo: Hannah Wei/Unsplash]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Jessica Klein4 minute Read

   The freelancer’s reputation is one of constant hustling, underpayment,
   and a short life span. It’s just a glorified waiting room for when
   you’re in between full-time, salaried jobs, right?
   advertisement
   advertisement

   According to the sixth annual “Freelancing in America” survey, released
   on October 3 by the Freelancers Union (which has 450,000 members) and
   Upwork, a digital platform for freelancers and their employers, for
   every freelancer who sees their work situation as temporary, there’s
   another who sees it as a long-term career path.

   As more people opt for full-time freelance—28% did this year, as
   opposed to the 17% who did in 2014—it’s worth looking at their share of
   the U.S. economy. Freelance income currently makes up almost 5% of the
   country’s GDP, or close to $1 trillion. That’s a greater share than
   those of industries like construction and transportation. (Freelancers
   on Upwork make up about 0.1% of that total market, says the company’s
   CEO, Stephane Kasriel.)
   [Photo: Drew Coffman/Unsplash]

   In the U.S. this year, 57 million people worked as freelancers, up from
   around 53 million in 2014, the first year this study was conducted.
   That’s about 35% of the U.S workforce.

   “Because that number has been pretty consistent for [the past three]
   years now, we wanted to dig a little bit deeper,” says Kasriel. “We
   found that 46% say they can’t take a full-time [traditional] job
   because of personal reasons.” They have health issues, sick or aging
   family members, or young children to care for at home. About one in
   five freelancers wouldn’t be able to work non-freelance jobs due to
   health issues, according to the survey, but the flexibility of
   freelancing lets them still earn a regular income.

   Technological improvements make this option more feasible—77% of
   freelancers in the study said technology helped get them contract
   assignments. The internet also helps people who can’t work nine-to-five
   office jobs do their work from home.

   On top of that, freelancers are earning more than they used to. Per
   hour on average, they make more money than 70% of all types of U.S.
   professionals. The current median rate for skilled freelancers is $28
   an hour—and “skilled services”—like programming, business consulting,
   and marketing—make up 45% of freelance work, versus gig work like dog
   walking or Lyft driving.
   advertisement

   This year, 60% of freelancers started working that way by choice as
   opposed to by necessity (say, due to an unexpected layoff). The number
   of people who see freelancing as a long-term career option jumped from
   18.5 million to 28.5 million between 2014 and 2019. Because of the
   country’s currently low unemployment rate, posits Kasriel, it’s “harder
   for companies to find talent in the U.S., meaning talented individuals
   have more choice.” Since it’s easier to get a full-time job, those
   pursuing freelance careers are likely doing it purposefully, he says.

   Of course, not all generations freelance equally. In general, the rule
   is the younger an adult is, the more likely they are to freelance.
   While just 29% of baby boomers freelanced, 31% of Gen X did, as did 40%
   of millennials. Among Gen Z professionals, 53% did contract work.

   There’s still room for improvement in the freelance game. Just because
   a freelancer is a master of their particular skill, doesn’t mean they
   have any business training—and being a freelancer is akin to running
   your own business, whether you choose to officially incorporate or not.
   A full 89% of freelancers say they would have preferred for their
   education to have prepared them better for the freelance life, with 81%
   saying they could use more training in areas like networking and how to
   grow a freelance-based business.

   “Freelancers are spending literally 50% of their time doing the
   prospecting, marketing, and administrative work that they need to grow
   their solo businesses,” says Caitlin Pearce, executive director of the
   Freelancer’s Union.

   Pearce also points out that freelancers are 18 percentage points more
   politically active than non-freelancers. “We’re going to see more of a
   political constituency come together and talk about [freelancers’]
   issues,” she says.

   Politicians in some states, like Vermont and Utah, are already starting
   to pay attention to at least the economic power of freelancers and
   remote workers. Vermont, for instance, has seen its working population
   decline by about 16,000 since 2009. Last summer, the governor signed a
   bill to offer up to $10,000 for remote workers like freelancers to move
   there—ideally from larger cities like New York, where it’s popular for
   young people to move and start their careers. The idea is for those
   people to bring money from their jobs headquartered elsewhere to local
   Vermont economies.
   advertisement

   “There was so much demand in the first few weeks of opening that
   program,” says Kasriel. “These are policy makers that understand the
   next generation in the workforce.”

   The Freelancing in America study surveyed 6,001 working adults in the
   country ages 18 and older between June 7 and July 3 this year. More
   than a third of those surveyed worked freelance, but Kasriel believes
   that percentage won’t get much higher.

   “A lot of jobs are better done by full-time employees,” he says. “And
   there’s a lot of people for whom freelancing is extremely scary—you
   have to be an entrepreneur.”
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Jessica Klein is a freelance journalist whose stories about everything
   from cryptocurrency to Renaissance Faire kink have appeared in The
   Atlantic, Fortune, BBC, Vice, and The Outline. She is the coauthor of
   Abetting Batterers: What Police, Prosecutors, and Courts Aren’t Doing
   to Protect America’s Women, which chronicles the criminal justice
   response to intimate partner violence in the U.S.

   More

   Ideas Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 10:10 am

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

The famously divisive band likely picked up some new fans by filing a
copyright complaint against Trump for using one of their biggest hits in a
bizarre tweet.

   This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
   president)
   [Photo: Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AFP/Getty Images]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Joe Berkowitz1 minute Read

   What: A copyright complaint against the president.
   advertisement
   advertisement

   Who: Mega-selling, mulletted band Nickelback.

   Why we care: Way back in history—scientists carbon-date the era as
   roughly “January 2017″—Donald Trump couldn’t get Bruce Springsteen to
   play his inauguration, so he got a Bruce Springsteen cover band. Then
   the Bruce Springsteen cover band dropped out. Then the real Bruce
   Springsteen played Barack Obama’s farewell party days later. This
   sequence of events offers a flavor of how popular musicians generally
   felt about Trump at the beginning of his presidency. Nearly three years
   later, aside from the likes of Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and, sigh, Shania
   Twain, those feelings have only intensified. Even Taylor Swift has
   spoken out against Trump, coincidentally right in the middle of her
   album cycle. And now we know where Nickelback stands as well.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   “LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!” the actual President of the United States
   tweeted yesterday afternoon, despite having the option to not do that.
   It’s a reference to an antiquated meme based on a Nickelback video that
   I can’t fully bring myself to explain right now. It’s too early, and
   you don’t need to know it to appreciate the rest of the story. Read up
   on it here if you must. In any case, the president, who is in the
   subject of an impeachment inquiry for allegedly pressuring the
   Ukrainian government to investigate the Bidens, used the Nickelback
   meme to further smear Joe Biden and his son Hunter. While perhaps not
   quite as culturally tone-deaf as, say, Lena Dunham’s notorious “Sensual
   Pantsuit Anthem,” it was yet another hourly reminder of how tacky the
   president can be.

   Fortunately, less than half a day later, the band issued a copyright
   claim to Twitter and had Trump’s video taken down, rendering his tweet
   an embarrassing request to look at something that is no longer there.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   advertisement

   The Canadian band’s implied distaste for this president seems to echo
   an increasing number of Americans. A new USA Today poll reveals that
   45%-38% Americans support a vote by the House of Representatives to
   impeach Trump, with 44%-35% of those surveyed saying the Senate should
   convict and remove him from office.

   They say that a hero can save us, but Nickelback was apparently not
   gonna stand here and wait.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Joe Berkowitz is a writer and staff editor at Fast Company. His latest
   book, Away with Words, is available from Harper Perennial.

   More

   Entertainment Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 10.02.19

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun
   control has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential
   debates. Beto O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the
   sale of assault weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing
   guns back from owners. But buying back guns at a national scale isn't
   as simple as it sounds. Politics, heated debates, and real economics
   are all layers that add to a gun buyback's complexity. Would it work in
   America?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.27.19

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism.
   Young voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But
   after the protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be
   taken to ensure systemic change?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.26.19
     * experience economy

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo
   dining booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the
   Brooklyn site to see what all the hype is about.

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 8:00 am
     * world changing ideas

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Fifty-seven million people worked as freelancers this year. For some, it was
out of necessity, but for many others, it’s a new career choice that
government and businesses need to find better ways to support.

   35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5
   years ago
   [Photo: Hannah Wei/Unsplash]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Jessica Klein4 minute Read

   The freelancer’s reputation is one of constant hustling, underpayment,
   and a short life span. It’s just a glorified waiting room for when
   you’re in between full-time, salaried jobs, right?
   advertisement
   advertisement

   According to the sixth annual “Freelancing in America” survey, released
   on October 3 by the Freelancers Union (which has 450,000 members) and
   Upwork, a digital platform for freelancers and their employers, for
   every freelancer who sees their work situation as temporary, there’s
   another who sees it as a long-term career path.

   As more people opt for full-time freelance—28% did this year, as
   opposed to the 17% who did in 2014—it’s worth looking at their share of
   the U.S. economy. Freelance income currently makes up almost 5% of the
   country’s GDP, or close to $1 trillion. That’s a greater share than
   those of industries like construction and transportation. (Freelancers
   on Upwork make up about 0.1% of that total market, says the company’s
   CEO, Stephane Kasriel.)
   [Photo: Drew Coffman/Unsplash]

   In the U.S. this year, 57 million people worked as freelancers, up from
   around 53 million in 2014, the first year this study was conducted.
   That’s about 35% of the U.S workforce.

   “Because that number has been pretty consistent for [the past three]
   years now, we wanted to dig a little bit deeper,” says Kasriel. “We
   found that 46% say they can’t take a full-time [traditional] job
   because of personal reasons.” They have health issues, sick or aging
   family members, or young children to care for at home. About one in
   five freelancers wouldn’t be able to work non-freelance jobs due to
   health issues, according to the survey, but the flexibility of
   freelancing lets them still earn a regular income.

   Technological improvements make this option more feasible—77% of
   freelancers in the study said technology helped get them contract
   assignments. The internet also helps people who can’t work nine-to-five
   office jobs do their work from home.

   On top of that, freelancers are earning more than they used to. Per
   hour on average, they make more money than 70% of all types of U.S.
   professionals. The current median rate for skilled freelancers is $28
   an hour—and “skilled services”—like programming, business consulting,
   and marketing—make up 45% of freelance work, versus gig work like dog
   walking or Lyft driving.
   advertisement

   This year, 60% of freelancers started working that way by choice as
   opposed to by necessity (say, due to an unexpected layoff). The number
   of people who see freelancing as a long-term career option jumped from
   18.5 million to 28.5 million between 2014 and 2019. Because of the
   country’s currently low unemployment rate, posits Kasriel, it’s “harder
   for companies to find talent in the U.S., meaning talented individuals
   have more choice.” Since it’s easier to get a full-time job, those
   pursuing freelance careers are likely doing it purposefully, he says.

   Of course, not all generations freelance equally. In general, the rule
   is the younger an adult is, the more likely they are to freelance.
   While just 29% of baby boomers freelanced, 31% of Gen X did, as did 40%
   of millennials. Among Gen Z professionals, 53% did contract work.

   There’s still room for improvement in the freelance game. Just because
   a freelancer is a master of their particular skill, doesn’t mean they
   have any business training—and being a freelancer is akin to running
   your own business, whether you choose to officially incorporate or not.
   A full 89% of freelancers say they would have preferred for their
   education to have prepared them better for the freelance life, with 81%
   saying they could use more training in areas like networking and how to
   grow a freelance-based business.

   “Freelancers are spending literally 50% of their time doing the
   prospecting, marketing, and administrative work that they need to grow
   their solo businesses,” says Caitlin Pearce, executive director of the
   Freelancer’s Union.

   Pearce also points out that freelancers are 18 percentage points more
   politically active than non-freelancers. “We’re going to see more of a
   political constituency come together and talk about [freelancers’]
   issues,” she says.

   Politicians in some states, like Vermont and Utah, are already starting
   to pay attention to at least the economic power of freelancers and
   remote workers. Vermont, for instance, has seen its working population
   decline by about 16,000 since 2009. Last summer, the governor signed a
   bill to offer up to $10,000 for remote workers like freelancers to move
   there—ideally from larger cities like New York, where it’s popular for
   young people to move and start their careers. The idea is for those
   people to bring money from their jobs headquartered elsewhere to local
   Vermont economies.
   advertisement

   “There was so much demand in the first few weeks of opening that
   program,” says Kasriel. “These are policy makers that understand the
   next generation in the workforce.”

   The Freelancing in America study surveyed 6,001 working adults in the
   country ages 18 and older between June 7 and July 3 this year. More
   than a third of those surveyed worked freelance, but Kasriel believes
   that percentage won’t get much higher.

   “A lot of jobs are better done by full-time employees,” he says. “And
   there’s a lot of people for whom freelancing is extremely scary—you
   have to be an entrepreneur.”
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Jessica Klein is a freelance journalist whose stories about everything
   from cryptocurrency to Renaissance Faire kink have appeared in The
   Atlantic, Fortune, BBC, Vice, and The Outline. She is the coauthor of
   Abetting Batterers: What Police, Prosecutors, and Courts Aren’t Doing
   to Protect America’s Women, which chronicles the criminal justice
   response to intimate partner violence in the U.S.

   More

   Ideas Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 10:10 am

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

The famously divisive band likely picked up some new fans by filing a
copyright complaint against Trump for using one of their biggest hits in a
bizarre tweet.

   This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
   president)
   [Photo: Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AFP/Getty Images]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Joe Berkowitz1 minute Read

   What: A copyright complaint against the president.
   advertisement
   advertisement

   Who: Mega-selling, mulletted band Nickelback.

   Why we care: Way back in history—scientists carbon-date the era as
   roughly “January 2017″—Donald Trump couldn’t get Bruce Springsteen to
   play his inauguration, so he got a Bruce Springsteen cover band. Then
   the Bruce Springsteen cover band dropped out. Then the real Bruce
   Springsteen played Barack Obama’s farewell party days later. This
   sequence of events offers a flavor of how popular musicians generally
   felt about Trump at the beginning of his presidency. Nearly three years
   later, aside from the likes of Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and, sigh, Shania
   Twain, those feelings have only intensified. Even Taylor Swift has
   spoken out against Trump, coincidentally right in the middle of her
   album cycle. And now we know where Nickelback stands as well.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   “LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!” the actual President of the United States
   tweeted yesterday afternoon, despite having the option to not do that.
   It’s a reference to an antiquated meme based on a Nickelback video that
   I can’t fully bring myself to explain right now. It’s too early, and
   you don’t need to know it to appreciate the rest of the story. Read up
   on it here if you must. In any case, the president, who is in the
   subject of an impeachment inquiry for allegedly pressuring the
   Ukrainian government to investigate the Bidens, used the Nickelback
   meme to further smear Joe Biden and his son Hunter. While perhaps not
   quite as culturally tone-deaf as, say, Lena Dunham’s notorious “Sensual
   Pantsuit Anthem,” it was yet another hourly reminder of how tacky the
   president can be.

   Fortunately, less than half a day later, the band issued a copyright
   claim to Twitter and had Trump’s video taken down, rendering his tweet
   an embarrassing request to look at something that is no longer there.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   advertisement

   The Canadian band’s implied distaste for this president seems to echo
   an increasing number of Americans. A new USA Today poll reveals that
   45%-38% Americans support a vote by the House of Representatives to
   impeach Trump, with 44%-35% of those surveyed saying the Senate should
   convict and remove him from office.

   They say that a hero can save us, but Nickelback was apparently not
   gonna stand here and wait.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Joe Berkowitz is a writer and staff editor at Fast Company. His latest
   book, Away with Words, is available from Harper Perennial.

   More

   Entertainment Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 7:00 am

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

Fans can follow how no booze affects the sleep, exercise, and recovery time
of comedians and podcasters Rogan, Tom Segura, Bert Kreischer, and Ari
Shaffir.

   How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s
   Sober October challenge
   [Photo: courtesy of Whoop]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Jeff Beer3 minute Read

   What better way to start Sober October than to talk about your buddy
   dosing you with MDMA?
   advertisement
   advertisement

   That was the one of the opening anecdotes on Joe Rogan’s annual Sober
   October podcast this week, serving as an announcement that for the
   third year in a row, the host and his comic pals would be living clean
   this month.

   The story, as told by Bert Kreischer, involved his friend Ari Shaffir
   spiking his drink. Like all great Kreischer tales, it’s long, detailed,
   hilarious, and definitely not something any timid brand would want to
   be associated with.

   Yet as Sober October evolves into an annual event and excuse for the
   four comedian friends to interact and compete and bust each other’s
   chops, it is now an ideal platform for the brave brand that can
   credibly join the conversation between the performers and their ardent
   fans.

   This year, all four comics are wearing a Whoop strap, and using the
   wearable tech company’s platform to track their progress through Sober
   October while inviting fans to follow along online.

   IFRAME: https://www.youtube.com/embed/EnFAfg4gQDQ?feature=oembed

   Rogan opened the podcast by telling listeners about Whoop, and how it’s
   not just for pro athletes but “even losers like us” to improve their
   recovery, training, sleep, and make better lifestyle choices. “This
   month, I’ll be wearing my Whoop 24/7 to understand the impact of
   sobriety has on my body. LOL,” said Rogan. “I’m a big fan of this
   company. I’m a big fan of the kind of analytics that this Whoop strap
   provides you.”

   All told, it was a two-minute ad on one of the world’s most popular
   podcasts, plus Whoop was worked into the conversation throughout the
   almost three-hour episode.
   advertisement

   Whoop CEO Will Ahmed says partnering with Rogan is a perfect fit for
   his brand. “We’ve been a big fan of Joe Rogan’s for a while now. I
   think he speaks to biohacking and human performance in a lot of
   different contexts, and our mission at Whoop is to unlock human
   performance,” he says.

   Founded in 2011, Whoop has been popular among pro and elite athletes,
   as well as hardcore health nuts for awhile now, but Ahmed says Whoop
   wants to show everyone the benefits of better understanding your body.
   Losers and all. He hopes that aligning Whoop with some of the most
   popular comics in the country is a perfect way to do that. “Joe Rogan
   and his friends have mass-market appeal, and a really wide listener
   base,” says Ahmed. [Rogan has one of the most popular podcasts and
   YouTube shows of any stripe, while Kreischer’s Bertcast, Ari Shaffir’s
   Skeptic Tank, and Segura’s Your Mom’s House are also chart-topping
   comedy podcasts.] “For Whoop, we’ve been generally focused on certain
   markets that are maybe a bit more health and fitness focused. We see
   this as an opportunity to expand our reach and have more people aware
   of the brand. Ultimately, we’ve built technology that can really help
   anyone motivated to improve.”

   [Photo: courtesy of Whoop]Sober October, a tradition that reportedly
   got started about a decade ago in Australia, has gained popularity as
   the new Dry January. Ahmed says it ties directly into the brand’s
   mission, because so much of our body’s strength is derived from how
   well we sleep. “Alcohol has a huge effect on your quality of sleep,” he
   says. “You get way less slow-wave and REM sleep than you normally
   would. REM sleep is when your mind is repairing, and slow-wave sleep is
   when your body produces 95% of its human growth hormone. So this idea
   that you get stronger in the gym is false. You get get stronger when
   your body’s repairing your muscles.”

   On the podcast, Rogan, Segura, Kreischer, and Shaffir spent a lot of
   time sorting out the ground rules for their own month-long quest for
   improvement. Just to be clear, no Molly, no Adderall, and no booze.

   Cigars are okay, though.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Jeff Beer is a staff editor at Fast Company, covering advertising,
   marketing, and brand creativity. He lives in Toronto.

   More

   Entertainment Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 10.02.19

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

   This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
   stop-motion
   By KC Ifeanyi1 minute Read

   What: The short film The Full Story
   advertisement

   Who: Co-directors/animators Daisy Jacobs and Chris Wilder

   Why we care: Whether it’s a short or a feature film, animation is a
   notoriously laborious process. So what happens when you put
   stop-motion, live action, and paintings in a blender? Something trippy,
   for sure—but also something incredibly challenging. “[We] really wanted
   to push [ourselves] creatively and try new ideas,” Jacobs and Wilder
   told art blog Colossal.

   The Full Story tells the moving tale of a man learning to let go of his
   childhood home that’s riddled with painful memories of death and
   divorce. With that narrative at the center, Jacobs and Wilder used a
   seamless mishmash of media to build out the stunning world around the
   characters.

   “To make the sets more realistic, we emphasized textures and brought
   out shine with lighting and varnish,” they said. “With the real people,
   we did the opposite–painting their clothes, minimizing shadows on their
   faces with makeup, and making them more graphic with wigs.”

   Watch The Full Story below:

   IFRAME: https://player.vimeo.com/video/359864626?dnt=1&app_id=122963

   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

   Entertainment Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 10:00 am

These magical books help kids learn other languages

Many parents want their kids to be bilingual but don’t have the tools to
teach them. Enter Habbi Habbi, a platform that makes learning new languages
fun.

   These magical books help kids learn other languages
   [Photo: Bailey Williams/courtesy Habbi Habbi]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Elizabeth Segran6 minute Read

   My 3-year-old has been playing in her room by herself for an hour. I’m
   beginning to worry she is up to no good: Is she “decorating” her walls
   with a Sharpie or perhaps systematically pulling out tufts of wool from
   her rug? But I take a peek, and there she is, right where I left her,
   flipping through a bilingual picture book full of Spanish and English
   words created by a new startup called Habbi Habbi.
   advertisement
   advertisement

   The thing that is keeping her captivated is a little “reading wand,”
   complete with a star-shaped top that makes it easier for small children
   to hold and also makes it feel more like a magic wand. And to my
   daughter, the wand really does feel magical. When she points it at the
   book, it says the word. She taps a picture of a mother and the wand
   says, “mommy” then “mamá.” But she’s discovered other little surprises
   hiding in the book. Sometimes, when she taps a random part of the page,
   the wand might play music. She’s transfixed but also learning
   something.
   Anne-Louise Nieto and Hanna Chiou [Photo: Jun An Wang/courtesy Habbi
   Habbi]

   This highly engaging toddler UX was created by Anne-Louise Nieto and
   Hanna Chiou, cofounders of Habbi Habbi. The company launched with
   bilingual books in both Spanish and Mandarin for children aged 1 to 10.
   For each language, there are four books that cover first words, first
   phrases, emotion, and careers. The set costs $85. The wand, which works
   through computer vision, is compatible with any Habbi Habbi book. The
   tip of the wand identifies the pixels on a page, reading out the
   specific word or illustration in question. The company plans to launch
   new languages soon.

   The cofounders met while working as management consultants at the
   Boston Consulting Group, where they specialized in advising companies
   that created consumer products. They both wanted to help their children
   learn languages besides English but couldn’t find many resources for
   people like them, native English speakers who want to introduce their
   kids to other languages. Chiou is from a Chinese family and wanted her
   kids to pick up Mandarin, and Nieto is married to a Spanish speaker but
   isn’t fluent herself. “If parents speak multiple languages fluently,
   they can start teaching their kids the other language when they are
   infants and buy them children’s books in other languages,” Nieto says.
   “But there are many of us who aren’t fluent in another language and
   revert to speaking to our kids in English. We need products that are
   designed to be truly bilingual.”
   [Photo: Habbi Habbi]

   This is something I can relate to. I grew up in Paris and learned
   French as a second language but haven’t lived in a French-speaking
   country for decades. Meanwhile, my husband only speaks English. I have
   tried to teach my daughter French, but it’s hard and we both give up
   quickly.

   This kind of scenario is becoming increasingly common in the United
   States. There has been a 2% rise in bilingual children in the country
   over the past decade, an increase of 1.2 million kids. But there’s a
   lot of variation in terms of what this means. In some cases, kids don’t
   speak English at home: that’s true of 44% of kids in California and 2%
   of kids in West Virginia. Around 4% of children who grow up in
   non-English speaking households, or 2.4 million, have trouble speaking
   English. But there are many other homes where multiple languages are
   spoken simultaneously, or parents simply want their kids to be
   multilingual, since this is associated with better mental flexibility,
   increased cultural competence, stronger family connections, and later
   in life, access to better paying jobs.

   Habbi Habbi’s products are designed for kids across the spectrum of
   language learning and a range of ages. As Nieto and Chiou worked on
   developing these products, they realized that one of the keys to
   success would be to creating the most engaging possible experience for
   kids. This wasn’t easy, particularly since kids are used to being
   hyper-stimulated with screens and digital media. “These books aren’t
   actually that high tech,” says Nieto. “There is no technology embedded
   in the book itself. It’s just the wand that makes the experience
   unique.”
   advertisement

   Before launching the product, the cofounders opened a pop-up in
   Stanford Shopping Center in the heart of Silicon Valley, in a cozy
   living-room like environment. While all the products were for sale, the
   founders were actually creating an elaborate focus group where they
   could see how kids interacted with products. “Our experience as parents
   is that it is relatively easy to capture a kid’s attention for a short
   time, but there are very few toys that keep kid’s interested for a long
   time,” she says.
   [Photo: Bailey Williams/courtesy Habbi Habbi]

   Nieto and Chiou discovered a couple of principles that seemed to keep
   kids engaged for longer. For one thing, kids like feeling empowered and
   like they are mastering a new skill. With these books, kids who don’t
   yet know how to read like to feel like they are “reading” with the
   wand. That was true of my kid. Right now, she needs a parent to read
   her books, but she can spend an afternoon with these books by herself
   tapping the wand on different parts of the page and putting together
   the narrative. The cofounders also found that children like games where
   it feels like there are many more possibilities than meets the eye.
   This is why they’ve included easter eggs throughout the book, where a
   tap of the wand might result in a song or other sound. Kids stay
   focused on the experience because they never know where they might find
   a new surprise.

   And yet, the books are still educational. Nieto and Chiou worked on the
   content of the book themselves, but they also worked with teams of
   language experts to come up with the translations in the book. “There’s
   an art and science to translating,” says Nieto. “Often one English word
   may translate into several words in another language, and vice versa.”
   [Photo: Bailey Williams/courtesy Habbi Habbi]

   While kids of all ages can enjoy all the books, they have increasing
   levels of complexity. The first-words books presents simple images of
   things like animals and colors: Kids who are just learning how to read
   may begin recognizing the words in this book. My daughter, for
   instance, was able to make out simple English words like “bus” or
   “red,” while also hearing their Spanish equivalent. So in some ways,
   the book was also helping her learn how to spell in English.

   Later books in the series present more complex ideas and phrases. The
   one about careers, for instance, features women who are all moms but
   also have exciting careers like “product manager,” “surgeon,”
   “entrepreneur,” and “judge.” (There’s also a stay-at-home mom who is
   described as “Chief Home Officer.”) This book features words like
   “surgical cap” and “breast pump.”

   The books first launched in mid-September and so far, parents have been
   very enthusiastic about them, the cofounders say. They’ve already
   received requests to create books in other languages, like French and
   Hindi. “Some parents have even asked if we can create custom products
   for them,” says Nieto. “Some were so desperate they said they would
   even help with the translation.”
   advertisement

   Nieto and Chiou are planning to expand to other languages shortly, but
   for the time being, they already have new English-Chinese and
   English-Spanish books to add to the list, including “Acts of Kindness”
   to reinforce ideas like forgiveness, listening, and respect, as well as
   “Stories of Grit,” to celebrate immigrant experiences.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Elizabeth Segran, Ph.D., is a staff writer at Fast Company. She lives
   in Cambridge, Massachusetts

   More

   Fast Company Daily Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 9:00 am

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

Does your personal website look worse than MySpace circa 2007? Click over to
Humans, a crowdsourced project that showcases the web’s best personal
websites.

     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Evan Nicole Brown2 minute Read

   For today’s creative professionals, your online portfolio is arguably
   now more important than your résumé. In our era of peak personal
   branding, professionals are making themselves hyper-visible through the
   use of social media and slick personal website design. More and more,
   networking is taking the place of traditional credentials; as a result,
   people are creating platforms for themselves that turn on the axis of
   connectivity and pleasing aesthetics.
   advertisement

   Koby Ofek, a Tel Aviv-based entrepreneur and former technology
   journalist, noticed this trend and has created a new website that
   speaks to the need for design inspiration when building a brand. Humans
   is like a carefully curated Pinterest board that offers insight into
   what the best personal websites look like, which services are used to
   create them, and the technology necessary to build them. “It started
   with a personal journey to find inspiration to create my place on the
   web. I wanted to raise my profile a bit and was thinking, ‘What would
   be the best way to go about it?ʼ” Ofek says. “It’s hard to decide what
   to show and how. I wanted to see some examples of other people’s work
   before I designed my own project.”
   [Image: courtesy Koby Ofek]

   When it comes time to choose a platform to host and design a website,
   users have options: WordPress, Wix, and Squarespace, just to name a
   few. All of these approaches, coupled with the option to code from the
   ground up, make it overwhelming for people to know which one will best
   suit their needs. For each website covered on the site, you can check
   out the design, technology, platform, color palette, awards given, and
   characteristics of the person who built it. You can also  filter
   through the featured portfolios by color, industry, location, and more.

   The websites seen on Humans were sourced from a huge swath of the
   web—via Twitter accounts belonging to web designers and developers,
   web-design award sites, and social-media platforms dedicated to design.
   His criteria for inclusion wasn’t to only add the best-looking
   websites, but to have a variety of styles, services, and technologies
   to see what’s already out there. There are minimalist websites with
   blank backgrounds, and flashy sites with all the design bells and
   whistles. “It’s up to the community to upvote what’s interesting and
   bubble up the better designs,” Ofek says.
   [Image: courtesy Koby Ofek]

   Ofek launched Humans with 500 websites and has received roughly 1,200
   submissions for inclusion since. Early on, reviews were mostly for
   professionals with some role in building the web—developers, designers,
   illustrators, writers, and so on. But over time, Ofek received requests
   to cover many other types of “offline” professions such as activists,
   hairdressers, authors, baristas, and more. Those categories are all
   coming soon to Humans. In the future, Ofek hopes to incorporate
   additional features to his crowdsourced inspo site. For instance, he
   wants to make it possible for users to view version changes, so they
   can track how a portfolio looked in the past and how it improved as web
   design evolved.

   Since Humans launched about a month ago, Ofek’s been busy curating and
   updating it, so if you’re looking for his personal website online, you
   won’t find it. He’s been so focused on his passion project that he
   hasn’t time to complete his own.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

   Fast Company Daily Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 8:00 am

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

One designer’s water-soluble vision for replacing all those plastic shampoo
bottles.

   The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Elizabeth Segran1 minute Read

   Beauty brands are notorious for their elaborate packaging. To stand out
   on crowded shelves, companies design elaborate bottles and tubes; the
   average person uses 11 bottles of shower gel and 10 bottles of shampoo
   a year.
   advertisement
   [Photo: courtesy Jonna Breitenhuber]

   The majority of these products are packaged in plastic, contributing to
   the 300 million tons produced each year. And because most people don’t
   have recycling containers in their bathrooms, it is easy for these
   plastic containers to end up in the trash. Indeed, only 10% of all
   plastic is recycled. The rest of it ends up in landfills or the ocean,
   where it will sit for 500 years or longer.
   [Photo: courtesy Jonna Breitenhuber]

   Berlin-based designer Jonna Breitenhuber has a solution. For her
   master’s thesis at the University of Arts, Berlin, she developed a
   bottle made from soap that can effectively serve as packaging for any
   liquid hygiene product on the market—and they are just as visually
   arresting as the best-designed plastic bottles.
   [Photo: courtesy Jonna Breitenhuber]

   These bottles, which she calls SOAPBOTTLE, are made from a traditional
   piece of soap that’s been hollowed out. The interior is lined with a
   water-insoluble layer, which prevents any liquids contained within it
   from dissolving the soap. On the top, there is a reusable metal closure
   to allow you to open the top and pour out your shampoo or shower gel.
   [Photo: courtesy Jonna Breitenhuber]

   One problem you might encounter is that the soap will become slippery
   when it is in the shower. So Breitenhuber included an area to tie a
   ribbon or strap, making it easier to handle. The SOAPBOTTLE is also
   designed to be used as soap. Over time, it will gradually dissolve, but
   this happens slowly, so you will probably be done with the liquid
   contents within it. “These supposed disadvantages are used as design
   elements,” Breitenhuber explains. “The concept plays with the process
   of dissolution, with the transformation of the object and the
   individuality resulting from these aspects.”
   [Photo: courtesy Jonna Breitenhuber]

   After a while, you’ll just have little remnants of soap left, which she
   recommends using as hand soap, and it’s entirely biodegradable. So
   unlike plastic, it will not result in any waste.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Elizabeth Segran, Ph.D., is a staff writer at Fast Company. She lives
   in Cambridge, Massachusetts

   More

   Fast Company Daily Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
