   #Kaunas University of Technology » Feed alternate alternate alternate
   alternate

   Kaunas University of Technology
   lt
   ____________________

     * admissions
     * students
     * business
     * my KTU
          + MOODLE
          + academic IS
          + Office365
          + intranet
          + email for employees
          + report
          + help

   (BUTTON)
     * university
          + About KTU
          + Rectorate
          + Structure
          + University Council
          + University Senate
          + Board of Academic Ethics
          + Strategic Documents
          + University Projects
          + Branding
          + Honorary Members
          + Veteran Club "Emeritus"
          + Museum
          + Sustainability
          + Internationalisation
          + Related Institutions
          + ECIU
          + Virtual tour
     * research
          + R&D&I KTU
          + PhD Studies
          + Financing Possibilities
          + For Researchers
          + Projects
          + Research Groups
     * institutes
          + Environmental Engineering
          + Architecture and Construction
          + Biomedical Engineering
          + Food
          + Mechatronics
          + Materials Science
          + Health Telematics Science
          + Ultrasound Research
       Institutes
     * studies
          + Study Organising
          + Study Quality
          + Academic Calendar
          + Academic Exchange
          + EDU_lab
          + Projects
       Study Programmes
     * faculties
          + Chemical Technology
          + Civil Engineering and Architecture
          + Electrical and Electronics Engineering
          + Informatics
          + Mathematics and Natural Sciences
          + Mechanical Engineering and Design
          + Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities
          + Panevėžys Faculty of Technologies and Business
          + School of Economics and Business
       Faculties
     * library
     * contacts
          + Structure
          + Career
          + Media Enquiries
       ____________________
       Contacts
       ktu žemėlapis

     * admissions
     * students
     * business
     * my KTU
          + MOODLE
          + academic IS
          + Office365
          + intranet
          + email for employees
          + report
          + help

   Kaunas University of Technology
   lt
   ____________________

     * admissions
     * students
     * business
     * my KTU
          + MOODLE
          + academic IS
          + Office365
          + intranet
          + email for employees
          + report
          + help

   (BUTTON)
     * university
          + About KTU
          + Rectorate
          + Structure
          + University Council
          + University Senate
          + Board of Academic Ethics
          + Strategic Documents
          + University Projects
          + Branding
          + Honorary Members
          + Veteran Club "Emeritus"
          + Museum
          + Sustainability
          + Internationalisation
          + Related Institutions
          + ECIU
          + Virtual tour
     * research
          + R&D&I KTU
          + PhD Studies
          + Financing Possibilities
          + For Researchers
          + Projects
          + Research Groups
     * institutes
          + Environmental Engineering
          + Architecture and Construction
          + Biomedical Engineering
          + Food
          + Mechatronics
          + Materials Science
          + Health Telematics Science
          + Ultrasound Research
       Institutes
     * studies
          + Study Organising
          + Study Quality
          + Academic Calendar
          + Academic Exchange
          + EDU_lab
          + Projects
       Study Programmes
     * faculties
          + Chemical Technology
          + Civil Engineering and Architecture
          + Electrical and Electronics Engineering
          + Informatics
          + Mathematics and Natural Sciences
          + Mechanical Engineering and Design
          + Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities
          + Panevėžys Faculty of Technologies and Business
          + School of Economics and Business
       Faculties
     * library
     * contacts
          + Structure
          + Career
          + Media Enquiries
       ____________________
       Contacts
       ktu žemėlapis

     * admissions
     * students
     * business
     * my KTU
          + MOODLE
          + academic IS
          + Office365
          + intranet
          + email for employees
          + report
          + help

Take a virtual tour of KTU spaces

   More

KTU DISCOVERed – Exchange studies at universities worldwide for 2019-2020
spring semester

   More

21-25 October 2019

   More

Find Your Studies

   (BUTTON) Choose cycle

   (BUTTON) Choose subject

   (BUTTON) Find

Events

   (BUTTON) Upcoming
     * Upcoming
     * All
     * Archive

Kaunas Biennial

   2019 06 07
   Exhibition

   June 7 d. - September 29 d.

   Various locations in Kaunas

6TH AIB–CEE CHAPTER ANNUAL CONFERENCE

   2019 09 25
   Conference

   September 25 d. - September 27 d.

   KTU Santaka Valley

Herithon’19

   2019 09 27
   Other

   September 27 d. - September 29 d.

   KTU Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Design
   Show More

Kaunas Biennial

   2019 06 07
   Exhibition

   June 7 d. - September 29 d.

   Various locations in Kaunas

6TH AIB–CEE CHAPTER ANNUAL CONFERENCE

   2019 09 25
   Conference

   September 25 d. - September 27 d.

   KTU Santaka Valley

Herithon’19

   2019 09 27
   Other

   September 27 d. - September 29 d.

   KTU Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Design
   Show More

(Re)Gazing: Gender and Indian Cinema in the Age of New Media

   2019 09 19 09:00
   Konferencija

   September 19 d. 09:00 - September 20 d. 17:00

   KTU Socialinių, humanitarinių mokslų ir menų fakultetas

KTU Big Data Scool 2019

   2019 09 18
   Conference

   September 18 d. - September 20 d.

   To be specified

A. Tidikas “Investigation of neutron transport and radioactive processes in
nuclear fusion devices” doctoral dissertation defence

   2019 09 03 13:00
   Thesis Defense

   September 3 d. 13:00

   Meeting Hall at Lithuanian Energy Institute, Breslaujos g...

R. Pashazadeh “Synthesis and studies of multifunctional materials based on
quinoxaline or pyridopyrazine as acceptor moieties” doctoral dissertation
defence

   2019 09 03 10:00
   Thesis Defense

   September 3 d. 10:00

   Rectorate Hall, Kaunas University of Technology (K. Donel...
   Show More

News

   (BUTTON) Important
     * Important
     * University
     * Research
     * Studies
     * Leisure
     * Business
     * Community

Lithuanian scientists offer cheaper and safer solutions for defence training

   Yesterday

The landmark of sustainable architecture KTU M-Lab to be opened in 2022

   3 days ago

Kaunas Architecture Festival’ 2019 starts this weekend

   6 days ago

Wearable technology for seniors created by Lithuanian researchers can call
the ambulance automatically

   6 days ago

India Centre to be opened at KTU

   A week ago

Lithuanian scientists contributed to creating the record-breaking solar cell

   A week ago

KTU professor: the companies who employ foreigners are always winning

   3 weeks ago

4th PhD Summer School: from Big Data to research ethics

   3 weeks ago
   Show More

Lithuanian scientists offer cheaper and safer solutions for defence training

   Yesterday

The landmark of sustainable architecture KTU M-Lab to be opened in 2022

   3 days ago

Kaunas Architecture Festival’ 2019 starts this weekend

   6 days ago

Wearable technology for seniors created by Lithuanian researchers can call
the ambulance automatically

   6 days ago

India Centre to be opened at KTU

   A week ago

Lithuanian scientists contributed to creating the record-breaking solar cell

   A week ago

KTU professor: the companies who employ foreigners are always winning

   3 weeks ago

4th PhD Summer School: from Big Data to research ethics

   3 weeks ago
   Show More

Lithuanian scientists offer cheaper and safer solutions for defence training

   Yesterday

Wearable technology for seniors created by Lithuanian researchers can call
the ambulance automatically

   6 days ago

Lithuanian scientists contributed to creating the record-breaking solar cell

   A week ago

KTU professor: the companies who employ foreigners are always winning

   3 weeks ago

Zinc oxide nanowires – novel solution for cheaper, cleaner production of
electronic components

   2 months ago

135-thousand-dollar conservation grant from Getty Foundation for Kaunas
modernist architecture

   2 months ago

Lithuanian researcher created AI-based solution for measuring the emotional
climate of New York

   4 months ago

Lithuanian scientists created bioplastic for food packaging which degrades in
a couple of years

   4 months ago
   Show More

Two KTU students are starting NASA internship this week

   1 months ago

Open up your talents: become GIFTed student today

   2 months ago

Peek inside KTU campus with the new virtual tour

   2 months ago

Choose master’s at KTU: state-funded study places available

   2 months ago

Bachelor in 3 years: faster and more efficient road to education

   3 months ago

Half a million funding from EU allocated for improvement of KTU study quality

   3 months ago

Investors’ Spotlight quality labels awarded to 3 KTU study programmes

   4 months ago

Hello, I am your teacher: Kęstutis Zaleckis

   4 months ago
   Show More

Kaunas Architecture Festival’ 2019 starts this weekend

   6 days ago

Behind the scenes stories and magical transformation of places: Chernobyl
filming locations tour in Kaunas

   3 months ago

June is here! Check the list of events

   4 months ago

Guided tours in Kaunas Old Town in 5 European languages

   5 months ago

Ekskursas Living Room Tour: rare opportunity to step into unique Kaunas
modernism interiors

   6 months ago

Spend weekend with the largest cinema event in Lithuania

   2019-03-29

Festival DIVE INTO THE THEATRE: international, interactive, innovative

   2019-03-07

Take a cultural break: watch Hamlet in English on theatre stage

   2019-01-11
   Show More

Global business trusts us: Continental Automotive Lithuania and KTU became
official partners

   A month ago

KTU students – among the winners of EBEC international engineering
competition

   A month ago

State-of-the-art Geometric Measurements Lab opened at KTU

   5 months ago

Innovation exhibition and competition Technorama 2019: the record prize fund
and 60 future-shaping inventions

   5 months ago

AI-based solutions were among the most popular in the first defence hackathon

   6 months ago

Technorama: 18 years of innovations and exceptional inventions

   6 months ago

Centric IT Solutions Lithuania established scholarships for the most talented
IT students

   6 months ago

Registration to Technorama 2019 is open: prize fund more than 8,000 Eur

   2019-03-22
   Show More

India Centre to be opened at KTU

   A week ago

4th PhD Summer School: from Big Data to research ethics

   3 weeks ago

KTU academic community celebrates the beginning of the new academic year

   A month ago

KTU students – among the winners of EBEC international engineering
competition

   A month ago

Two KTU students are starting NASA internship this week

   1 months ago

Women in Tech. Aviation engineer Bengisu Yilmaz: I don’t compare myself with
men, my goal is to be better than yesterday

   1 months ago

Warm welcome to all KTU freshers: check out the programme of exciting events

   2 months ago

Runa Chakraborty Paunksnis. Breaking gender stereotypes in pop culture: Women
superheroes occupying the place of men

   2 months ago
   Show More

Video

   (BUTTON) Important
     * Important
     * University
     * Research
     * Studies
     * Community

Hello, I am your teacher: Gavin Stewart

   3 months ago

KTU Graduation Ceremony, July 2019

   3 months ago

Hello, I am your teacher: Kęstutis Zaleckis

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students | Guillermo Velazquez Vazques

   4 months ago

KTU PHD studies: facts and possibilities

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students. Kemal Yegin

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students | Maryna Bohuslavska from Ukraine

   4 months ago
   Show More

Hello, I am your teacher: Gavin Stewart

   3 months ago

KTU Graduation Ceremony, July 2019

   3 months ago

Hello, I am your teacher: Kęstutis Zaleckis

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students | Guillermo Velazquez Vazques

   4 months ago

KTU PHD studies: facts and possibilities

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students. Kemal Yegin

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students | Maryna Bohuslavska from Ukraine

   4 months ago
   Show More

KTU PHD studies: facts and possibilities

   4 months ago
   Show More

KTU Graduation Ceremony, July 2019

   3 months ago

Hello, I am your teacher: Kęstutis Zaleckis

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students | Guillermo Velazquez Vazques

   4 months ago

KTU PHD studies: facts and possibilities

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students. Kemal Yegin

   4 months ago

KTU is greeting international students | Maryna Bohuslavska from Ukraine

   4 months ago
   Show More

Hello, I am your teacher: Gavin Stewart

   3 months ago

KTU Graduation Ceremony, July 2019

   3 months ago

Hello, I am your teacher: Kęstutis Zaleckis

   4 months ago
   Show More

WE ARE SOCIAL

     *
     *
     *
     *

   @Facebook Dar daugiau linksmiausių akimirkų iš #KTU studentų miestelio,
   kuriame pakrikštijome pirmakursius ir paminėjome naujųjų mokslo metų
   pradžią. 🥳 More great memories at KTU Student Campus... A month ago
   @Facebook Kaip DI keičia mūsų kasdienybę, darbo pobūdį ir darbo
   funkcijas? Ar DI metamas šešėlis turės neigiamos įtakos mūsų karjeros
   perspektyvoms? Apie tai pasakoja KTU Ekonomikos... A month ago
   @Facebook Akimirkos iš Universiteto Studentų miestelio, kuriame,
   minėdami naujųjų mokslo metų pradžią, ne tik spalvingai pakrikštijome
   pirmakursius, bet ir šokome bei dainavome drauge su Monika Linkyte... A
   month ago

   Kaunas University of Technology company code 111950581
   VAT code LT119505811, address K. Donelaičio St. 73, 44249 Kaunas,
   Lithuania
   phones +370 (37) 300 000, 300 421, fax +370 (37) 324 144, email
   ktu@ktu.lt
     * Quick Links
          + Dormitories
          + Academic exchange
          + Career
          + Documents
          + Contacts
          + Virtual KTU tour
     * Privacy
     * For media enquiries

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-N66XNFC

   We are using cookies to provide statistics that help us give you the
   best experience of our site. You can find out more or switch them off
   if you prefer. However, by continuing to use the site without changing
   settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
   Sutinku


   {"b":{"name":"Bakalauro
   studijos","id":9,"slug":"b","areas":[{"name":"Fiziniai
   mokslai","id":137,"slug":"b-physical-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Hu
   manitariniai
   mokslai","id":144,"slug":"b-humanities","fields":[]},{"name":"Informati
   kos
   mokslai","id":136,"slug":"b-informatics","fields":[]},{"name":"In\u017e
   inerijos
   mokslai","id":138,"slug":"b-engineering","fields":[]},{"name":"Matemati
   kos
   mokslai","id":135,"slug":"b-math","fields":[]},{"name":"Menai","id":145
   ,"slug":"b-arts","fields":[]},{"name":"Socialiniai
   mokslai","id":141,"slug":"b-social-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Tech
   nologij\u0173
   mokslai","id":139,"slug":"b-technologies","fields":[]},{"name":"Verslo
   ir vie\u0161oji
   vadyba","id":142,"slug":"b-management","fields":[]}]},"v":{"name":"Vien
   tisosios
   studijos","id":130,"slug":"v","areas":[{"name":"Menai","id":157,"slug":
   "v-arts","fields":[]}]},"m":{"name":"Magistrant\u016bros
   studijos","id":16,"slug":"m","areas":[{"name":"Fiziniai
   mokslai","id":148,"slug":"m-physical-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Hu
   manitariniai
   mokslai","id":155,"slug":"m-humanities","fields":[]},{"name":"Informati
   kos
   mokslai","id":147,"slug":"m-informatics","fields":[]},{"name":"In\u017e
   inerijos
   mokslai","id":149,"slug":"m-engineering","fields":[]},{"name":"Matemati
   kos
   mokslai","id":146,"slug":"m-math","fields":[]},{"name":"Menai","id":156
   ,"slug":"m-arts","fields":[]},{"name":"Socialiniai
   mokslai","id":152,"slug":"m-social-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Svei
   katos
   mokslai","id":151,"slug":"m-health-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Tech
   nologij\u0173
   mokslai","id":150,"slug":"m-technologies","fields":[]},{"name":"Ugdymo
   mokslai","id":154,"slug":"m-education","fields":[]},{"name":"Verslo ir
   vie\u0161oji
   vadyba","id":153,"slug":"m-management","fields":[]}]},"d":{"name":"Dokt
   orant\u016bros studijos","id":99,"slug":"d","areas":[{"name":"Gamtos
   mokslai","id":160,"slug":"d-natural-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Hum
   anitariniai
   mokslai","id":167,"slug":"d-humanitarian-sciences","fields":[]},{"name"
   :"Socialiniai
   mokslai","id":164,"slug":"d-social-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Tech
   nologijos
   mokslai","id":162,"slug":"d-technological-sciences","fields":[]}]},"n":
   {"name":"Profesin\u0117s
   studijos","id":169,"slug":"n","areas":[{"name":"Ugdymo
   mokslai","id":170,"slug":"n-education","fields":[]}]}}
   {"b":{"name":"Bachelor's
   Programmes","id":3,"slug":"b","areas":[{"name":"Arts","id":20,"slug":"b
   -arts","fields":[]},{"name":"Business and Public
   Administration","id":22,"slug":"b-business-and-public-administration","
   fields":[]},{"name":"Computing","id":23,"slug":"b-computing","fields":[
   ]},{"name":"Engineering
   Sciences","id":24,"slug":"b-engineering-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":
   "Humanities","id":25,"slug":"b-humanities","fields":[]},{"name":"Physic
   al
   Sciences","id":26,"slug":"b-physical-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"So
   cial
   Sciences","id":27,"slug":"b-social-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Tech
   nological
   Sciences","id":28,"slug":"b-technological-sciences","fields":[]},{"name
   ":"Mathematical
   Sciences","id":54,"slug":"b-mathematical-sciences","fields":[]}]},"v":{
   "name":"Integrated
   studies","id":39,"slug":"v","areas":[{"name":"Arts","id":40,"slug":"v-a
   rts","fields":[]}]},"m":{"name":"Master's
   Programmes","id":4,"slug":"m","areas":[{"name":"Arts","id":30,"slug":"m
   -arts","fields":[]},{"name":"Business and Public
   Administration","id":31,"slug":"m-business-and-public-administration","
   fields":[]},{"name":"Computing","id":32,"slug":"m-computing","fields":[
   ]},{"name":"Engineering
   Sciences","id":33,"slug":"m-engineering-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":
   "Health
   Sciences","id":34,"slug":"m-health-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Math
   ematical
   Sciences","id":35,"slug":"m-mathematical-sciences","fields":[]},{"name"
   :"Physical
   Sciences","id":36,"slug":"m-physical-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"So
   cial
   Sciences","id":37,"slug":"m-social-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Tech
   nological
   Sciences","id":38,"slug":"m-technological-sciences","fields":[]},{"name
   ":"Humanities","id":55,"slug":"m-humanities","fields":[]}]},"d":{"name"
   :"PhD Programmes","id":49,"slug":"d","areas":[{"name":"Technological
   Sciences","id":50,"slug":"d-technological-sciences","fields":[]},{"name
   ":"Natural
   Sciences","id":51,"slug":"d-natural-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Soc
   ial
   Sciences","id":52,"slug":"d-social-sciences","fields":[]},{"name":"Huma
   nities","id":53,"slug":"d-humanities","fields":[]}]},"n":{"name":"Educa
   tion studies","id":44,"slug":"n","areas":[{"name":"Education
   Sciences","id":45,"slug":"n-education-sciences","fields":[]}]}}
