   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » Australia
   Tag Feed

Australia

Salesforce is building an office tower in Sydney, pledging 1,000 new jobs in
the next five years

   Oct 01, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce announced this week that it’s building another shiny tower.
   This one will be in Sydney with views of the harbor and the iconic
   Sydney Opera House. The company has also committed to ad

   [Dusk-Rooftop-Salesforce-Tower-Sydney.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Google brings its Jacquard wearables tech to Levi’s Trucker Jacket

   Sep 30, 2019 Frederic Lardinois
   Back in 2015, Google’s ATAP team demoed a new kind of wearable tech at
   Google I/O that used functional fabrics and conductive yarns to allow
   you to interact with your clothing and, by extension,

   [jacquard_sleeve.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Voter manipulation on social media now a global problem, report finds

   Sep 26, 2019 Natasha Lomas
   New research by the Oxford Internet Institute has found that social
   media manipulation is getting worse, with rising numbers of governments
   and political parties making cynical use of social media alg

   [fakenews.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

U.S. security experts admit China’s 5G dominance, push for public investment

   Sep 24, 2019 Jonathan Shieber
   U.S. security experts are conceding that China has won the race to
   develop and deploy the 5G telecommunications infrastructure seen as
   underpinning the next generation of technological advancement and

   [GettyImages-1083185346.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Adarga closes £5M Series A funding for its Palantir-like AI platform

   Sep 09, 2019 Mike Butcher
   AI startup Adarga has closed a £5 million Series A fundraising by
   Allectus Capital. But this news rather cloaks the fact that it has been
   building up a head of steam since its founding in 2016, build

   [GettyImages-1009465514.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

There’s an ocean of opportunity for startups targeting the seafood industry

   Sep 05, 2019 Monica Jain
   Seafood has blown past its iceberg lettuce stage and entered trendy
   greens territory, with eaters loading up on oceanic superfoods and
   falling in love with previously unknown species as fast as daters

   [GettyImages-1140243144.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

YC’s Earth AI closes funding for its platform to make mining less wasteful

   Aug 19, 2019 Mike Butcher
   Discovering and drilling for the important minerals used for industry
   and the technology sector remains incredibly important as existing
   mines are becoming depleted. If the mining industry can’t bec

   [Strip_coal_mining.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Disney+ comes to Canada and the Netherlands on Nov. 12, will support nearly
all major platforms at launch

   Aug 19, 2019 Darrell Etherington
   Disney+ will have an international launch that begins at the same time
   as its rollout in the U.S., Disney revealed. The company will be
   launching its digital streaming service on November 12 in Canada

   [Screen-Shot-2019-08-19-at-9.35.50-AM.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Elon Musk: Spotify is ‘coming’ to Tesla vehicles in North America

   Aug 15, 2019 Kirsten Korosec
   Tesla owners in the U.S. and Canada may finally get that free Spotify
   Premium integration they’ve been requesting. Tesla CEO Elon Musk
   tweeted late Wednesday night that Spotify premium integrati

   [model3@2.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

TransferWise’s debit card launches in Australia and New Zealand, with
Singapore to follow

   Aug 14, 2019 Catherine Shu
   International money transfer startup TransferWise’s debit card is now
   available in Australia and New Zealand, with a Singapore launch
   expected by the end of this year as the company expands its pres

   [TransferWise-debit-Mastercard-AUS-lifestyle-4.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#03
   8;crop=1]

Known for its electric scooters, Gogoro moves toward its future as a mobility
platform

   Jul 23, 2019 Catherine Shu

   [Gogoro.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Virgin Orbit signs agreement to launch small satellites for the UK’s Royal
Air Force

   Jul 19, 2019 Darrell Etherington
   Virgin Orbit, the small satellite launch company backed by billionaire
   Richard Branson, has signed an initial agreement to develop small
   satellite launch capabilities for the U.K.’s Royal Air Fo

   [virgin-orbit-drop-test.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Tiny UK startup takes on Google’s Wing in the race to a drone traffic control
system

   Jul 19, 2019 Mike Butcher
   A future where drones can easily and cheaply do many useful things such
   as deliver packages, undertake search and rescue missions and deliver
   urgent medical supplies, not to mention unclogging our roa

   [drones.gif?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Flybits nabs $35M to build consumer recommendation engines for the financial
sector

   Jul 16, 2019 Ingrid Lunden
   Financial service companies like banks have seen some of their business
   cannibalised over the years with the rise of digital-based alternatives
   — often in the form of apps — that provide l

   [5703519506_b091a256dd_b.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

No technical reason to exclude Huawei as 5G supplier, says UK committee

   Jul 15, 2019 Natasha Lomas
   A UK parliamentary committee has concluded there are no technical
   grounds for excluding Chinese network kit vendor Huawei from the
   country’s 5G networks. In a letter from the chair of the Scienc

   [huawei-e1559187416947.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

India’s NiYO ‘neo-bank’ raises $35M to help blue-collar workers access
financial services

   Jul 09, 2019 Manish Singh
   NiYO Solutions, a Bangalore-based “neo-bank” that helps salaried
   employees and blue-collar workers access company benefits and other
   financial services, has raised $35 million in a new fun

   [NiYO-co-founders-Virender-Bisht-and-Vinay-Bagri.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#
   038;crop=1]

Alphabet’s Wing launches OpenSky, a safety app for Australian drone operators

   Jul 05, 2019 Sarah Perez
   Drone delivery service Project Wing (or just Wing as it’s now called)
   graduated from Google X last year to become an independent Alphabet
   business, and recently won governmental approval to oper

   [wing-drone.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

TransferWise’s new debit card for the US fires the starting gun on a new war
for travelers

   Jun 26, 2019 Mike Butcher
   International money transfer service TransferWise, has made a
   significant incursion into the US market today, launching a MasterCard
   debit card alongside a multicurrency account. Mirroring the card it

   [Tan-right-aligned-camera-grey-bg.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Cameo raises $50M to deliver personalized messages from celebrities &
influencers

   Jun 25, 2019 Kate Clark
   With new money from Kleiner Perkins, Cameo plots a global expansion.

   [Collage_Fotor2.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Amazon Prime Day 2019 expands to become a 48-hour sale on July 15-16

   Jun 24, 2019 Sarah Perez
   Amazon is preparing for its longest Prime Day ever. The company
   announced today it will host a 48-hour Prime Day sales event this year,
   starting at midnight on Monday, July 15 and extending for two fu

   [GettyImages-996289618.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]
   Load More
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » green
   buildings Tag Feed

green buildings

Salesforce is building an office tower in Sydney, pledging 1,000 new jobs in
the next five years

   Oct 01, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce announced this week that it’s building another shiny tower.
   This one will be in Sydney with views of the harbor and the iconic
   Sydney Opera House. The company has also committed to ad

   [Dusk-Rooftop-Salesforce-Tower-Sydney.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Green Building Technology You’ll Never See But Can Experience Now

   Dec 14, 2014 Parker White
   Picture an office that cleans up after itself, improves indoor air
   quality with nanotech-formulated paint, and responds to sunlight by
   magically adjusting window tint, all while fighting climate chang

   [greenbuilding.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Clean Urban Energy Raises $7 Million To "Turn Buildings Into Batteries"

   Jul 07, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="https://beta.techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/picture-2.p
   ng" width="175" height="145" class="alignleft size-full
   wp-image-321481" /></a> A Chicago startup <a href="http://www.cleanu

IBM "Buildings Whisperer" Dave Bartlett On The Dumb Ways We Waste Energy

   Jun 27, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="https://beta.techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/tulane-camp
   us-cc.jpg" class="shot2"/> IBM's Smarter Planet division released a new
   solution recently that can make buildings energy eff

Green Buildings Software Startup, Retroficiency, Closes $800,000 Seed
Financing

   Mar 09, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://tctechcrunch.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/tc-logo-retroficie
   ncy.png" class="shot2"></img> A Boston startup that makes energy
   auditing software for the commercial buildings industry, Re

Nexus EnergyHomes Raises $1.5 Million To Build Luxury, Net Zero Energy Houses

   Feb 28, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://www.crunchbase.com/assets/images/resized/0012/4369/124369v1
   -max-250x250.jpg" class="shot2"></img> Annapolis-based Nexus
   EnergyHomes raised the first $200,000 of a $1.5 million dollar

Scientific Conservation Raises $15.6 Million To Help Cut Energy Waste In
Commercial Buildings

   Jan 19, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://www.crunchbase.com/assets/images/resized/0010/7942/107942v1
   -max-250x250.jpg"> Scientific Conservation Inc. (SCI) — a San Francisco
   company that makes software to diagnose and help

Sustainability Roundtable Raises $1.2 Million To Help Corporations Go Green

   Jan 07, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://tctechcrunch.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/srinc-logo.png"
   class="shot2"></img> A new <a
   href="http://sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1502994/000150299411000001/xsl
   FormDX01/primary_doc.xml"

Soladigm Raises $30 Million More To Make Smart Glass For Green Buildings

   Dec 14, 2010 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://www.crunchbase.com/assets/images/resized/0006/1973/61973v1-
   max-250x250.png" class="shot2"></img> Soladigm raised a $30 million
   series C investment the company announced this morning.
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » Salesforce
   Tag Feed

Salesforce

Salesforce is building an office tower in Sydney, pledging 1,000 new jobs in
the next five years

   Oct 01, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce announced this week that it’s building another shiny tower.
   This one will be in Sydney with views of the harbor and the iconic
   Sydney Opera House. The company has also committed to ad

   [Dusk-Rooftop-Salesforce-Tower-Sydney.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Symantec’s Sheila Jordan named to Slack’s board of directors

   Sep 25, 2019 Kate Clark
   Newly-public Slack taps cybersecurity expertise for growing board.

   [Sheila-Jordan3.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

PagerDuty gets smarter with Intelligent Triage and Dashboards

   Sep 24, 2019 Frederic Lardinois
   PagerDuty, the service that helps everybody from startups to
   enterprises manage incidents when they inevitably arise, today
   announced the launch of two new features that both use the company’s m

   [GettyImages-50371339.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

TechCrunch Disrupt offers plenty of options for attendees with an eye on the
enterprise

   Sep 22, 2019 Ron Miller
   We might have just completed a full-day program devoted completely to
   enterprise at TechCrunch Sessions: Enterprise last week, but it doesn’t
   mean we plan to sell that subject short at TechCrunc

   [disrupt-enterprise-roundup.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

How Automattic wants to build the operating system of the web

   Sep 19, 2019 Romain Dillet
   Automattic, the company behind WordPress.com, WooCommerce, Longreads,
   Simplenote and soon Tumblr, is now worth $3 billion. But its founder
   and CEO Matt Mullenweg has a bigger goal. He wants to make th

   [Matt-Mullenweg.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

New Relic launches platform for developers to build custom apps

   Sep 19, 2019 Ron Miller
   When Salesforce launched Force.com in 2007 as a place for developers to
   build applications on top of Salesforce, it was a pivotal moment for
   the concept of SaaS platforms. Since then, it’s been

   [GettyImages-1010594410.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Tableau update uses AI to increase speed to insight

   Sep 18, 2019 Ron Miller
   Tableau was acquired by Salesforce earlier this year for $15.7 billion,
   but long before that, the company had been working on its fall update,
   and today it announced several new tools, including a new

   [GettyImages-824126220.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce brings AI power to its search tool

   Sep 18, 2019 Ron Miller
   Enterprise search tools have always suffered from the success of
   Google. Users wanted to find the content they needed internally in the
   same way they found it on the web. Enterprise search has never b

   [GettyImages-1140687105.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce is building an app to gauge a company’s sustainability progress

   Sep 18, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce has always tried to be a socially responsible company,
   encouraging employees to work in the community, giving 1% of its
   profits to different causes and building and productizing the 1-1-1 p

   [GettyImages-864727524.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Daily Crunch: Salesforce launches vertical clouds

   Sep 16, 2019 Anthony Ha
   The Daily Crunch is TechCrunch’s roundup of our biggest and most
   important stories. If you’d like to get this delivered to your inbox
   every day at around 9am Pacific, you can subscribe her

   [GettyImages-723524905.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce doubles down on verticals, launches Manufacturing and Consumer
Goods Clouds

   Sep 16, 2019 Ingrid Lunden
   As legacy industries make the migration to cloud-based digital
   solutions to run and grow their businesses, Salesforce is hoping that
   it will get a cut of the action when it comes to their IT investmen

   [gettyimages-183742099.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Calculating sales efficiency in a startup: The magic number that will help
you scale

   Sep 13, 2019 Ryan Floyd
   Sales efficiency is the best way to understand the economics of a
   business. It answers whether a business can ever scale. The harsh truth
   is, if it can't scale, investors won’t be interested...

   [GettyImages-535195531.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Top VCs say the landscape for enterprise startups is changing

   Sep 06, 2019 Connie Loizos
   Yesterday at TechCrunch’s Enterprise event in San Francisco, we sat
   down with three venture capitalists who spend a lot of their time
   thinking about enterprise startups. We wanted to ask what trends

   [Jason-Green-Emergence-Capital-Maha-Ibrahim-Canaan-Partners-and-Rebecca
   -Lynn-Canvas-Ventures-1.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Marc Benioff will discuss building a socially responsible and successful
startup at TechCrunch Disrupt

   Aug 29, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce chairman, co-founder and CEO Marc Benioff took a lot of big
   chances when he launched the company 20 years ago. For starters, his
   was one of the earliest enterprise SaaS companies, but he wa

   [Screen-Shot-2019-08-29-at-3.02.46-PM.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Y Combinator graduate PredictLeads helps VCs hunt for unicorns

   Aug 26, 2019 Kate Clark
   PredictLeads collects data to help venture capital firms and sales
   teams identify high growth companies.

   [PredictLeads-team.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

How Dropbox, Nike, Salesforce, MailChimp, Google and Pepsi welcome their new
hires

   Aug 21, 2019 Vladimir Polo
   The first day of work at a new job can be very stressful. Different
   companies have their own traditions to help make this period of
   transition more comfortable and memorable for new hires...

   [GettyImages-1146162078.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Apple exec Susan Prescott is coming to TechCrunch Sessions: Enterprise

   Aug 21, 2019 Ron Miller
   Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of markets, apps and services,
   has been at Apple since 2003. She worked with the company’s co-founder
   Steve Jobs, and has witnessed such milestones a

   [susan_photo.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

The five great reasons to attend TechCrunch’s Enterprise show Sept. 5 in SF

   Aug 19, 2019 Ned Desmond
   The vast enterprise tech category is Silicon Valley’s richest, and
   today it’s poised to change faster than ever before. That’s probably
   the biggest reason to come to TechCrunch’s first-ever sh

   [TC_SESSIONS_SAP_2000x1090City-Scape.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Another day, another reversal in stock fortunes as recession fears grow

   Aug 14, 2019 Jonathan Shieber
   U.S. stock markets plummeted today as recession fears continue to grow.
   Yesterday’s good news about a reprieve on tariffs for U.S. consumer
   imports was undone by increasing concerns over economi

   [GettyImages-172674485.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce is acquiring ClickSoftware for $1.35B

   Aug 07, 2019 Ron Miller
   Another day, another Salesforce acquisition. Just days after closing
   the hefty $15.7 billion Tableau deal, the company opened its wallet
   again, this time announcing it has bought field service softwar

   [IMG_0932.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]
   Load More
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed alternate alternate

Disrupt SF 2020

San Francisco

   Disrupt is where the startup world gathers to see the present and the
   future of tech in one place. Be inspired by the insights of today's
   leaders and tomorrow's best startups, learn from industry analysts
   sharing their business expertise, witness the latest innovations and
   up-and-coming founders, and make the right connections easily to propel
   your business forward.
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » Disrupt SF
   2020 466X269 Comments Feed alternate alternate

Disrupt SF 2020 466X269

   Alexandra Ames 4 days

   Disrupt SF 20 466X269

   Disrupt SF 20 466X269
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » Australia
   Tag Feed

Australia

Salesforce is building an office tower in Sydney, pledging 1,000 new jobs in
the next five years

   Oct 01, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce announced this week that it’s building another shiny tower.
   This one will be in Sydney with views of the harbor and the iconic
   Sydney Opera House. The company has also committed to ad

   [Dusk-Rooftop-Salesforce-Tower-Sydney.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Google brings its Jacquard wearables tech to Levi’s Trucker Jacket

   Sep 30, 2019 Frederic Lardinois
   Back in 2015, Google’s ATAP team demoed a new kind of wearable tech at
   Google I/O that used functional fabrics and conductive yarns to allow
   you to interact with your clothing and, by extension,

   [jacquard_sleeve.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Voter manipulation on social media now a global problem, report finds

   Sep 26, 2019 Natasha Lomas
   New research by the Oxford Internet Institute has found that social
   media manipulation is getting worse, with rising numbers of governments
   and political parties making cynical use of social media alg

   [fakenews.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

U.S. security experts admit China’s 5G dominance, push for public investment

   Sep 24, 2019 Jonathan Shieber
   U.S. security experts are conceding that China has won the race to
   develop and deploy the 5G telecommunications infrastructure seen as
   underpinning the next generation of technological advancement and

   [GettyImages-1083185346.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Adarga closes £5M Series A funding for its Palantir-like AI platform

   Sep 09, 2019 Mike Butcher
   AI startup Adarga has closed a £5 million Series A fundraising by
   Allectus Capital. But this news rather cloaks the fact that it has been
   building up a head of steam since its founding in 2016, build

   [GettyImages-1009465514.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

There’s an ocean of opportunity for startups targeting the seafood industry

   Sep 05, 2019 Monica Jain
   Seafood has blown past its iceberg lettuce stage and entered trendy
   greens territory, with eaters loading up on oceanic superfoods and
   falling in love with previously unknown species as fast as daters

   [GettyImages-1140243144.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

YC’s Earth AI closes funding for its platform to make mining less wasteful

   Aug 19, 2019 Mike Butcher
   Discovering and drilling for the important minerals used for industry
   and the technology sector remains incredibly important as existing
   mines are becoming depleted. If the mining industry can’t bec

   [Strip_coal_mining.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Disney+ comes to Canada and the Netherlands on Nov. 12, will support nearly
all major platforms at launch

   Aug 19, 2019 Darrell Etherington
   Disney+ will have an international launch that begins at the same time
   as its rollout in the U.S., Disney revealed. The company will be
   launching its digital streaming service on November 12 in Canada

   [Screen-Shot-2019-08-19-at-9.35.50-AM.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Elon Musk: Spotify is ‘coming’ to Tesla vehicles in North America

   Aug 15, 2019 Kirsten Korosec
   Tesla owners in the U.S. and Canada may finally get that free Spotify
   Premium integration they’ve been requesting. Tesla CEO Elon Musk
   tweeted late Wednesday night that Spotify premium integrati

   [model3@2.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

TransferWise’s debit card launches in Australia and New Zealand, with
Singapore to follow

   Aug 14, 2019 Catherine Shu
   International money transfer startup TransferWise’s debit card is now
   available in Australia and New Zealand, with a Singapore launch
   expected by the end of this year as the company expands its pres

   [TransferWise-debit-Mastercard-AUS-lifestyle-4.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#03
   8;crop=1]

Known for its electric scooters, Gogoro moves toward its future as a mobility
platform

   Jul 23, 2019 Catherine Shu

   [Gogoro.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Virgin Orbit signs agreement to launch small satellites for the UK’s Royal
Air Force

   Jul 19, 2019 Darrell Etherington
   Virgin Orbit, the small satellite launch company backed by billionaire
   Richard Branson, has signed an initial agreement to develop small
   satellite launch capabilities for the U.K.’s Royal Air Fo

   [virgin-orbit-drop-test.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Tiny UK startup takes on Google’s Wing in the race to a drone traffic control
system

   Jul 19, 2019 Mike Butcher
   A future where drones can easily and cheaply do many useful things such
   as deliver packages, undertake search and rescue missions and deliver
   urgent medical supplies, not to mention unclogging our roa

   [drones.gif?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Flybits nabs $35M to build consumer recommendation engines for the financial
sector

   Jul 16, 2019 Ingrid Lunden
   Financial service companies like banks have seen some of their business
   cannibalised over the years with the rise of digital-based alternatives
   — often in the form of apps — that provide l

   [5703519506_b091a256dd_b.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

No technical reason to exclude Huawei as 5G supplier, says UK committee

   Jul 15, 2019 Natasha Lomas
   A UK parliamentary committee has concluded there are no technical
   grounds for excluding Chinese network kit vendor Huawei from the
   country’s 5G networks. In a letter from the chair of the Scienc

   [huawei-e1559187416947.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

India’s NiYO ‘neo-bank’ raises $35M to help blue-collar workers access
financial services

   Jul 09, 2019 Manish Singh
   NiYO Solutions, a Bangalore-based “neo-bank” that helps salaried
   employees and blue-collar workers access company benefits and other
   financial services, has raised $35 million in a new fun

   [NiYO-co-founders-Virender-Bisht-and-Vinay-Bagri.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#
   038;crop=1]

Alphabet’s Wing launches OpenSky, a safety app for Australian drone operators

   Jul 05, 2019 Sarah Perez
   Drone delivery service Project Wing (or just Wing as it’s now called)
   graduated from Google X last year to become an independent Alphabet
   business, and recently won governmental approval to oper

   [wing-drone.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

TransferWise’s new debit card for the US fires the starting gun on a new war
for travelers

   Jun 26, 2019 Mike Butcher
   International money transfer service TransferWise, has made a
   significant incursion into the US market today, launching a MasterCard
   debit card alongside a multicurrency account. Mirroring the card it

   [Tan-right-aligned-camera-grey-bg.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Cameo raises $50M to deliver personalized messages from celebrities &
influencers

   Jun 25, 2019 Kate Clark
   With new money from Kleiner Perkins, Cameo plots a global expansion.

   [Collage_Fotor2.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Amazon Prime Day 2019 expands to become a 48-hour sale on July 15-16

   Jun 24, 2019 Sarah Perez
   Amazon is preparing for its longest Prime Day ever. The company
   announced today it will host a 48-hour Prime Day sales event this year,
   starting at midnight on Monday, July 15 and extending for two fu

   [GettyImages-996289618.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]
   Load More
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » green
   buildings Tag Feed

green buildings

Salesforce is building an office tower in Sydney, pledging 1,000 new jobs in
the next five years

   Oct 01, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce announced this week that it’s building another shiny tower.
   This one will be in Sydney with views of the harbor and the iconic
   Sydney Opera House. The company has also committed to ad

   [Dusk-Rooftop-Salesforce-Tower-Sydney.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Green Building Technology You’ll Never See But Can Experience Now

   Dec 14, 2014 Parker White
   Picture an office that cleans up after itself, improves indoor air
   quality with nanotech-formulated paint, and responds to sunlight by
   magically adjusting window tint, all while fighting climate chang

   [greenbuilding.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Clean Urban Energy Raises $7 Million To "Turn Buildings Into Batteries"

   Jul 07, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="https://beta.techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/picture-2.p
   ng" width="175" height="145" class="alignleft size-full
   wp-image-321481" /></a> A Chicago startup <a href="http://www.cleanu

IBM "Buildings Whisperer" Dave Bartlett On The Dumb Ways We Waste Energy

   Jun 27, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="https://beta.techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/tulane-camp
   us-cc.jpg" class="shot2"/> IBM's Smarter Planet division released a new
   solution recently that can make buildings energy eff

Green Buildings Software Startup, Retroficiency, Closes $800,000 Seed
Financing

   Mar 09, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://tctechcrunch.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/tc-logo-retroficie
   ncy.png" class="shot2"></img> A Boston startup that makes energy
   auditing software for the commercial buildings industry, Re

Nexus EnergyHomes Raises $1.5 Million To Build Luxury, Net Zero Energy Houses

   Feb 28, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://www.crunchbase.com/assets/images/resized/0012/4369/124369v1
   -max-250x250.jpg" class="shot2"></img> Annapolis-based Nexus
   EnergyHomes raised the first $200,000 of a $1.5 million dollar

Scientific Conservation Raises $15.6 Million To Help Cut Energy Waste In
Commercial Buildings

   Jan 19, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://www.crunchbase.com/assets/images/resized/0010/7942/107942v1
   -max-250x250.jpg"> Scientific Conservation Inc. (SCI) — a San Francisco
   company that makes software to diagnose and help

Sustainability Roundtable Raises $1.2 Million To Help Corporations Go Green

   Jan 07, 2011 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://tctechcrunch.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/srinc-logo.png"
   class="shot2"></img> A new <a
   href="http://sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1502994/000150299411000001/xsl
   FormDX01/primary_doc.xml"

Soladigm Raises $30 Million More To Make Smart Glass For Green Buildings

   Dec 14, 2010 Lora Kolodny
   <img
   src="http://www.crunchbase.com/assets/images/resized/0006/1973/61973v1-
   max-250x250.png" class="shot2"></img> Soladigm raised a $30 million
   series C investment the company announced this morning.
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » Salesforce
   Tag Feed

Salesforce

Salesforce is building an office tower in Sydney, pledging 1,000 new jobs in
the next five years

   Oct 01, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce announced this week that it’s building another shiny tower.
   This one will be in Sydney with views of the harbor and the iconic
   Sydney Opera House. The company has also committed to ad

   [Dusk-Rooftop-Salesforce-Tower-Sydney.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Symantec’s Sheila Jordan named to Slack’s board of directors

   Sep 25, 2019 Kate Clark
   Newly-public Slack taps cybersecurity expertise for growing board.

   [Sheila-Jordan3.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

PagerDuty gets smarter with Intelligent Triage and Dashboards

   Sep 24, 2019 Frederic Lardinois
   PagerDuty, the service that helps everybody from startups to
   enterprises manage incidents when they inevitably arise, today
   announced the launch of two new features that both use the company’s m

   [GettyImages-50371339.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

TechCrunch Disrupt offers plenty of options for attendees with an eye on the
enterprise

   Sep 22, 2019 Ron Miller
   We might have just completed a full-day program devoted completely to
   enterprise at TechCrunch Sessions: Enterprise last week, but it doesn’t
   mean we plan to sell that subject short at TechCrunc

   [disrupt-enterprise-roundup.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

How Automattic wants to build the operating system of the web

   Sep 19, 2019 Romain Dillet
   Automattic, the company behind WordPress.com, WooCommerce, Longreads,
   Simplenote and soon Tumblr, is now worth $3 billion. But its founder
   and CEO Matt Mullenweg has a bigger goal. He wants to make th

   [Matt-Mullenweg.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

New Relic launches platform for developers to build custom apps

   Sep 19, 2019 Ron Miller
   When Salesforce launched Force.com in 2007 as a place for developers to
   build applications on top of Salesforce, it was a pivotal moment for
   the concept of SaaS platforms. Since then, it’s been

   [GettyImages-1010594410.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Tableau update uses AI to increase speed to insight

   Sep 18, 2019 Ron Miller
   Tableau was acquired by Salesforce earlier this year for $15.7 billion,
   but long before that, the company had been working on its fall update,
   and today it announced several new tools, including a new

   [GettyImages-824126220.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce brings AI power to its search tool

   Sep 18, 2019 Ron Miller
   Enterprise search tools have always suffered from the success of
   Google. Users wanted to find the content they needed internally in the
   same way they found it on the web. Enterprise search has never b

   [GettyImages-1140687105.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce is building an app to gauge a company’s sustainability progress

   Sep 18, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce has always tried to be a socially responsible company,
   encouraging employees to work in the community, giving 1% of its
   profits to different causes and building and productizing the 1-1-1 p

   [GettyImages-864727524.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Daily Crunch: Salesforce launches vertical clouds

   Sep 16, 2019 Anthony Ha
   The Daily Crunch is TechCrunch’s roundup of our biggest and most
   important stories. If you’d like to get this delivered to your inbox
   every day at around 9am Pacific, you can subscribe her

   [GettyImages-723524905.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce doubles down on verticals, launches Manufacturing and Consumer
Goods Clouds

   Sep 16, 2019 Ingrid Lunden
   As legacy industries make the migration to cloud-based digital
   solutions to run and grow their businesses, Salesforce is hoping that
   it will get a cut of the action when it comes to their IT investmen

   [gettyimages-183742099.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Calculating sales efficiency in a startup: The magic number that will help
you scale

   Sep 13, 2019 Ryan Floyd
   Sales efficiency is the best way to understand the economics of a
   business. It answers whether a business can ever scale. The harsh truth
   is, if it can't scale, investors won’t be interested...

   [GettyImages-535195531.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Top VCs say the landscape for enterprise startups is changing

   Sep 06, 2019 Connie Loizos
   Yesterday at TechCrunch’s Enterprise event in San Francisco, we sat
   down with three venture capitalists who spend a lot of their time
   thinking about enterprise startups. We wanted to ask what trends

   [Jason-Green-Emergence-Capital-Maha-Ibrahim-Canaan-Partners-and-Rebecca
   -Lynn-Canvas-Ventures-1.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Marc Benioff will discuss building a socially responsible and successful
startup at TechCrunch Disrupt

   Aug 29, 2019 Ron Miller
   Salesforce chairman, co-founder and CEO Marc Benioff took a lot of big
   chances when he launched the company 20 years ago. For starters, his
   was one of the earliest enterprise SaaS companies, but he wa

   [Screen-Shot-2019-08-29-at-3.02.46-PM.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Y Combinator graduate PredictLeads helps VCs hunt for unicorns

   Aug 26, 2019 Kate Clark
   PredictLeads collects data to help venture capital firms and sales
   teams identify high growth companies.

   [PredictLeads-team.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

How Dropbox, Nike, Salesforce, MailChimp, Google and Pepsi welcome their new
hires

   Aug 21, 2019 Vladimir Polo
   The first day of work at a new job can be very stressful. Different
   companies have their own traditions to help make this period of
   transition more comfortable and memorable for new hires...

   [GettyImages-1146162078.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Apple exec Susan Prescott is coming to TechCrunch Sessions: Enterprise

   Aug 21, 2019 Ron Miller
   Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of markets, apps and services,
   has been at Apple since 2003. She worked with the company’s co-founder
   Steve Jobs, and has witnessed such milestones a

   [susan_photo.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

The five great reasons to attend TechCrunch’s Enterprise show Sept. 5 in SF

   Aug 19, 2019 Ned Desmond
   The vast enterprise tech category is Silicon Valley’s richest, and
   today it’s poised to change faster than ever before. That’s probably
   the biggest reason to come to TechCrunch’s first-ever sh

   [TC_SESSIONS_SAP_2000x1090City-Scape.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Another day, another reversal in stock fortunes as recession fears grow

   Aug 14, 2019 Jonathan Shieber
   U.S. stock markets plummeted today as recession fears continue to grow.
   Yesterday’s good news about a reprieve on tariffs for U.S. consumer
   imports was undone by increasing concerns over economi

   [GettyImages-172674485.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Salesforce is acquiring ClickSoftware for $1.35B

   Aug 07, 2019 Ron Miller
   Another day, another Salesforce acquisition. Just days after closing
   the hefty $15.7 billion Tableau deal, the company opened its wallet
   again, this time announcing it has bought field service softwar

   [IMG_0932.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]
   Load More
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed alternate alternate

Disrupt SF 2020

San Francisco

   Disrupt is where the startup world gathers to see the present and the
   future of tech in one place. Be inspired by the insights of today's
   leaders and tomorrow's best startups, learn from industry analysts
   sharing their business expertise, witness the latest innovations and
   up-and-coming founders, and make the right connections easily to propel
   your business forward.
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch » Disrupt SF
   2020 466X269 Comments Feed alternate alternate

Disrupt SF 2020 466X269

   Alexandra Ames 4 days

   Disrupt SF 20 466X269

   Disrupt SF 20 466X269
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed alternate alternate

TC Hardware Battlefield at TC Shenzhen

Shenzhen

   TechCrunch's exclusive hardware-focused startup competition returns in
   the heartland of hardware, Shenzhen, China as part of TechCrunch’s
   upcoming TC Shenzhen event this November.
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed TechCrunch »
   hardware-battlefield-shenzen-2019 Comments Feed alternate alternate

hardware-battlefield-shenzen-2019

   Alexandra Ames 4 months
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed

The Latest

Uber launches a shift-work finder app, Uber Works, starting in Chicago

   Oct 03, 2019 Natasha Lomas
   What do you do when your current business model is so staggeringly
   loss-making you’re having to warn investors it may never turn a profit,
   at the same time as it’s under increasing legal a

   [Uber-Works.jpeg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Redesigned Google Shopping goes live, with price tracking, Google Lens for
outfits and more

   Oct 03, 2019 Sarah Perez
   Google Shopping is getting a redesign with several new features,
   including options to shop local stores, track prices and even find
   style inspiration through Google Lens. Already, Google Lens’ s

   [google-shopping-homepage.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Beat the deadline: Apply to TC Top Picks @ Disrupt Berlin 2019

   Oct 03, 2019 Leslie Hitchcock
   Here’s a solid shout-out to early-stage startup founders who love the
   word “free.” You have just two weeks left to apply to be a TC Top
   Pick and exhibit in Startup Alley at Disrupt Ber

   [gettyimages-1066782038-1024x1024.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Notion Capital launches new $150M fund aimed at European B2B tech

   Oct 03, 2019 Mike Butcher
   Notion Capital today announces a new $150M fund in a bid to bolster its
   claim to being the go-to investor for European B2B tech. Launched ten
   years ago after the $700M exit of MessageLabs by co-founde

   [stephen-chandler-notion-capital.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

In a new filing, the venture firm Mithril Capital says it has been under
assault by its former general counsel

   Oct 03, 2019 Connie Loizos
   It’s been a strange year for Mithril Capital Management, the venture
   firm cofounded in 2012 by Peter Thiel and his longtime associate Ajay
   Royan. Though Mithril enjoyed its biggest exit to date

   [Screen-Shot-2019-10-02-at-11.54.11-PM.png?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1
   ]

Africa Roundup: CcHub’s iHub acquisition, Andela’s $50M run-rate and layoffs,
Transsion’s IPO

   Oct 03, 2019 Jake Bright
   Two of Africa’s powerhouse tech incubators joined forces in September.
   Nigerian innovation center and seed-fund CcHub acquired Nairobi based
   iHub. The purchase amount was undisclosed, but CcHub wil

   [CcHub-CEO-Bosun-Tijani.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Natalist founder Halle Tecco wants to get you pregnant

   Oct 03, 2019 Sarah Buhr
   Halle Tecco is no stranger to conception struggles. The Rock Health
   founder and former CEO has been public about her journey on social
   media, including two rounds of IVF, eventually leading to a healt

   [9724373157_56ef490338_o.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

MyMilk Labs launches Mylee, a small sensor that analyzes breast milk at home

   Oct 02, 2019 Catherine Shu
   Many expectant mothers are told that breastfeeding will come naturally,
   but it is often a fraught and confusing experience, especially during
   the first few weeks after birth. Parents often worry about

   [disrupt-battlefield-mymilk-0750.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Molecule.one uses machine learning to make synthesizing new drugs a snap

   Oct 02, 2019 Devin Coldewey
   Say you’re a pharmaceutical company. You’ve figured out that a novel
   molecule could be effective in treating an illness — but that molecule
   only exists in a simulation. How do you actual

   [disrupt-battlefield-molecule-one-0710.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1
   ]

Leo Aerospace provides bespoke rocket launches — from a hot air balloon

   Oct 02, 2019 Devin Coldewey
   The demand for orbital launches is increasing steadily, and the
   industry is nowhere near keeping up. Leo Aerospace thinks they can help
   with a launch technique that's more efficient and requires far l

   [disrupt-battlefield-leo-aerospace-0691.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=
   1]

OzoneAI wants companies to pay you for your data, upending the ad model

   Oct 02, 2019 Zack Whittaker
   Imagine this. Instead of giving away your personal data so web giants
   can show you ads, you cut out the middle person and allow advertisers
   to pay you directly for your data. It’s a novel idea f

   [disrupt-battlefield-ozone-0626.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

OmniVis could save lives by detecting cholera-infected water in minutes
rather than days

   Oct 02, 2019 Devin Coldewey
   Clean drinking water is one of the most urgent needs in developing
   countries and disaster-stricken areas, but safety tests can take days —
   during which tainted water can infect thousands. OmniVis ai

   [disrupt-battlefield-omnivis-0591.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Samsung pulls the plug on Chinese smartphone production

   Oct 02, 2019 Brian Heater
   Samsung this morning confirmed with Reuters that it has shuttered
   handset production in China. The move comes as the company continues to
   struggle in the world’s No. 1 smartphone market. As we noted

   [DSCF5807-3.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Chris Dixon from a16z announces free crypto startup school at TechCrunch
Disrupt

   Oct 02, 2019 Ron Miller
   Chris Dixon, a general partner at Andreessen Horowitz, announced a new
   crypto-related startup school at TechCrunch Disrupt today in San
   Francisco. Dixon says that the firm is not looking for equity, b

   [Chris-Dixon-DSC02404.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

   [5d95230f52b4b825c34b1884_o_U_v1.jpg?w=640&#038;h=360]

The Future of Action Cinema with Ang Lee and Will Smith

   “Gemini Man” from Academy Award-winning director Ang Lee has not one,
   but two characters played
   Oct 02, 2019 TC Video

Will Smith just dropped $10K on a startup that pitched him on stage at
Disrupt

   Oct 02, 2019 Sarah Perez
   Actor and Hollywood media mogul Will Smith surprised the TechCrunch
   Disrupt SF 2019 audience this afternoon by announcing he would invest
   $10K in a startup that pitched to him onstage as part of an &#

   [Will-Smith-DSC02160.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Render announces object storage service at TechCrunch Disrupt

   Oct 02, 2019 Ron Miller
   It was a big day for startup Render, which participated in the
   TechCrunch Disrupt Startup Battlefield today. It also announced some
   upgrades to its managed cloud platform. First of all, it announced t

   [disrupt-battlefield-render-0328.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Brex wants to replace startup bank accounts with Brex Cash

   Oct 02, 2019 Kate Clark
   Brex announces its newest product, Brex Cash, onstage at TechCrunch
   Disrupt.

   [Founders-Headshot.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Tesla delivers a record 97,000 electric vehicles in third quarter

   Oct 02, 2019 Kirsten Korosec
   Tesla said Wednesday it delivered a record 97,000 electric vehicles in
   the third quarter, a nearly 2% increase from the previous period, but
   still short of analysts’ expectations. Tesla shares f

   [Tesla-fleet-S3XY.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]

Mutiny creates personalized plans for B2B marketing

   Oct 02, 2019 Anthony Ha
   Mutiny, a personalized marketing startup for businesses that sell to
   other businesses, is taking the stage today at TechCrunch’s Startup
   Battlefield, where it’s announcing new funding and

   [Mutiny-DSC02063.jpg?w=300&#038;h=160&#038;crop=1]
   Load More
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed alternate alternate

Disrupt Berlin 2019

Berlin

   If you’re serious about startups, we’re still keeping it as real as
   ever. At Disrupt, everyone is a startupper – no matter if you’re a
   founder, investor, hacker or tech leader. So much more than just
   on-stage interviews, Disrupt is where you’ll find the renowned Startup
   Battlefield competition, hundreds of startups in Startup Alley,
   Workshops and legendary networking at our After Parties… and we’re in
   Berlin, right where many startup dreams begin.
   #TechCrunch » Feed TechCrunch » Comments Feed alternate alternate

Sponsors
