   #alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WWDW8S

   Logo University of St.Gallen

     * Studying
          + News
          + Why HSG
               o Welcome
               o About the HSG
               o Your studies – your commitment
               o Rankings & accreditations
               o International network
               o Our faculty
               o Attractive professional opportunities
               o Contextual Studies
          + Information
               o Brochures
               o Open Days
               o Campus tours
               o Fairs
               o International students
               o Counselling
               o Newsletter
               o Life in St.Gallen
               o Financing your studies
               o Career Services
               o Dates
               o Fees
          + Bachelor
               o General information
               o Assessment Year
               o Major in Business Administration
               o Major in Economics
               o Major in International Affairs
               o Major in Law
               o Major in Law and Economics
               o Additional Qualification Programmes
               o Bachelor's exchanges
          + Master
               o General information
               o Business Innovation
               o Marketing Management
               o Accounting and Finance
               o Strategy and International Management
               o Business Management
               o Management, Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
               o Banking and Finance
               o Economics
               o Quantitative Economics and Finance
               o International Affairs and Governance
               o International Law
               o Law
               o Law and Economics
               o Joint Medical Master in St.Gallen
               o CEMS MIM
               o Double degree
               o Additional Qualification Programmes
               o Master's Level exchanges
          + Admission
               o Admission to a Bachelor's programme
               o Admission to a Master's programme
               o Admission to a Ph.D. programme
               o Admission to Additional Qualification Programmes
               o Entry to Switzerland
               o Application
               o Online application deadlines
               o Rematriculation
               o Team
          + Exchange programmes
               o Incoming Guest Students
               o Outgoing HSG Students
               o Housing
               o Contact
          + Lectures
               o Faculty
               o Course directories
     * Executive
       Education
          + MBA
          + Executive MBA
          + Programme Finder
          + Customized Programmes
     * Research
          + Research at the HSG
               o Vision and research
               o Vice-President's Board (Research)
               o Research Committee
               o Ethics Committee
               o Who is researching what?
               o HSG funding institutions
               o Funding institutions outside the HSG
          + Centers and Cooperations
               o Global Centers
               o Centres
               o Research Cooperations
          + Ph.D.
               o General information
               o Management
               o Finance
               o Economics and Finance
               o International Affairs and Political Economy
               o Law
               o Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
          + Research Promotion
               o Projects
               o Career
               o Latest Calls and Deadlines
               o Science communication
               o European research
          + Workshops and events for new Professors
          + Promotion of young scientists
               o Global School in Empirical Research Methods
               o Young Investigator Programme
               o PhD Writing Groups
          + Alexandria
          + Services
               o Point of contact
               o Data and Method Consulting
          + Open Facutly Positions
               o Faculty
          + Faculty Development Leadership Pro
     * Knowledge
          + Newsroom
               o Special topic: HSG History Lesson
               o Special topic: 2019 Swiss Elections
               o Special topic Bitcoin & Co
               o Special topic Entrepreneurship
               o All special topics
          + Events
               o Regular events
          + HSG Focus
          + Blogs
          + Publications
               o Publication archive
          + Animated Research
               o Academic GIFts
               o Little Green Bags
          + Knowledge Bank
          + Term of the month
     * University
          + About us
               o Vision
               o Portrait
               o Structure
               o Networks
               o HSG extension
          + Library
               o Services
               o Search and Find
               o About our library
               o Library News
          + Visitors
               o Public lectures
               o Children’s University
               o Guided tour of the HSG
               o Guided art tours
               o InfoDesk
               o Directions
               o Conference venue
               o Emergency
          + Institutes
          + Schools
               o Management
               o Finance
               o Economics and Political Science
               o Law
               o Humanities and Social Sciences
          + Press
               o HSG Expert Service
               o Media Releases
          + Support HSG
               o Supporting the University of St.Gallen
               o Office of Development
               o The HSG Foundation
               o Benefactors of the University of St.Gallen
               o Supporting HSG
               o Expression of gratitude
               o Contact
          + Alumni
          + Working
               o Current job vacancies
               o HSG as an employer
               o Welcome Services
               o Human Resources
               o Equal Opportunities
               o Living in St.Gallen
          + Services
               o Advice
               o Companies
               o Sport
               o Language Center
               o Career & Corporate Services
               o HSG Shop
               o HSG newsletters
               o IT Services

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Search
     * Language
       Deutsch
       English
     * Login
     * EN-Social Media, Newsletter
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + YouTube
          + Instagram
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          + Flickr
          + HSG Focus
          + HSG Publishing
          + HSG RSS News
     * EN-Universität spezifische Links
          + Sitemap
          + Intranet employees
          + Studentweb
          + Contact
          + E-Mail
          + Newsletter

   Mobile Navigation

   New issue of HSG Focus has appeared

   In September 2019, the digital University magazine HSG Focus will
   concentrate on "Health"

   Public lectures in autumn 2019

   In Autumn Semester 2019, the University of St.Gallen is inviting the
   general public to 36 public lectures.

   Special topic: 2019 Swiss Elections

   In our special topic, HSG experts analyse current political, economic
   and social developments in Switzerland.

Access Points

     * Alumni
     * Companies
     * Compass
     * Conference venue
     * Emergency
     * Institutes
     * Jobs
     * Lectures
     * Library
     * Press
     * Public lectures
     * Schools
     * Sports
     * Startups
     * Studynet
     * Supporting HSG
     * Sustainability
     * Visitors

   The contents are loading please wait
   There is no content for this configuration

   Events
   09/19/19
   City with night lights
   >

Smart Government Day 2019

A current study shows how leaders from politics and administration can
promote "Smart Government”. The results will be presented at the Smart
Government Day on 24 September 2019. Vitali Klitschko, Mayor of Kiev, will
give a talk on Smart City Kiev.

   People
   08/29/19
   Carla del Ponte talking to Ignazio Cassis
   >

Carla Del Ponte wins award for her uncompromising pursuit of war criminals

Carla del Ponte was recently awarded the Erich Walser Generation Prize at the
University of St.Gallen. The Ticino-born lawyer received the prize in
recognition of her services as chief prosecutor for war crimes committed in
former Yugoslavia and Rwanda.

   HSGStGallen
   0

   09/05/18
   Newsroom of the University of St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Newsroom

Find all our news at a glance.

   C. Binswanger on inequalities between the sexes in the "NYTimes"
   06/17/19
   It’s an institutional problem, a societal problem.

   09/05/18
   Degree course news
   >

News and Events

   Campus
   09/09/19
   Students on their way to the Main Building of the University of
   St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Annual press conference on "Innovations in teaching"

Teaching at the University of St.Gallen is being continually developed
according to the latest knowledge of teaching and international trends. The
university’s management team provided information on this as part of its
annual press conference.

   Research
   08/22/19
   Swiss Payment Monitor 2019
   >

Swiss Payment Monitor 2019

According to the latest Swiss Payment Monitor new payment methods such as
contactless and mobile are enjoying a surge in popularity.

   Research
   08/15/19
   Study long-term care
   >

Without reforms, financing for long-term care is in danger

New direction needed within the care area., says a new study published by the
Institute for Insurance Economics at the University of St.Gallen (I.VW-HSG).

   unistgallen
   0

   09/05/18
   Alle events at the University of St.Gallen; photo: Fotalia / tatomm
   >

Events

Find all our events at a glance.

   Opinions
   07/12/19
   Moon Landing
   >

50 Anniversary of the moon landing

What can we learn today from this historic mission? By Oliver Gassmann.

   HSGUniStGallen
   0
   Campus
   08/06/19
   Political commitment of HSG students
   >

Why HSG students are politically active.

By student reporter Thomas Tarantini

   Research
   07/12/19
   Forest from above; European insurance companies pursue climate-friendly
   investment policy
   >

Climate-friendly investment policy

A study by the HSG has shown that European insurance companies are no longer
investing in CO2-emitting industries.

   Opinions
   06/07/19
   Miriam Meckel on algorithmic democracy
   >

An appeal for algorithmic direct democracy

A commentary by Miriam Meckel.

   Show more
   Opinions
   05/28/19
   Explainable AI
   >

Explainable AI: Opening the Machine-Learning Black Boxes

By Siegfried Handschuh.

   Campus
   07/19/19
   Health Care
   >

Health care gaining in significance

By student reporter Thomas Tarantini.

   Campus
   06/03/19
   235.5
   Annual contribution of the University of St.Gallen in the region
   amounts to CHF 235.5 million.
   Infographic-axis
   Research
   05/21/19
   >

"HSG Impact Award 2019"

Once again this year, the University of St.Gallen (HSG) is honouring three
research projects that have achieved a special social impact.

   Research
   05/24/19
   9th Consumer Barometer Renewable Energy
   >

9th Customer Barometer for Renewable Energies

Everyone is talking about climate strikers. How does the population rate
young people’s protest? These and other questions are answered by the
Customer Barometer.

   Campus
   05/31/19
   8669
   8669 students study at the University of St.Gallen.
   bar-graph
   Research
   05/22/19
   GemeinwohlAtlas Deutschland 2019
   >

Public Value Atlas Germany

The fire brigade and the Federal Agency for Technical Relief occupy the first
places in the favor of the German population. The first company only ranked
30th.

   Campus
   05/17/19
   President's Board 2020 until 2022
   >

All the members of the HSG President’s Board for 2020 to 2022 appointed

   Research
   05/13/19
   Precious metal atlas – Swiss people like to invest in gold
   >

Precious metal atlas

Gold is among Swiss people’s favourite forms of investment. This has been
revealed by the latest survey conducted by the IRM-HSG.

   Campus
   04/29/19
   Suitcase, Student Mobility
   >

Off on exchange – but where to exactly?

An article by student reporter Niels Niemann.

   Events
   04/05/19

Media: The recipe for survival is quality

   The media stands in the middle of a digital transformation. What does
   it take to survive into the future? During a podium discussion,
   representatives of Swiss media companies confidently showed that
   digital opportunities will help quality journalism to flourish once
   again.
   Events
   03/29/19
   START Summit 2019
   >

Special topic START Summit 2019

   Events
   03/21/19
   Dirk Ahlborn: Hyperloop
   >

Hyperloop: Travelling in a high-tech capsule at over 1,000 km/h

Dirk Ahlborn presented his futuristic transport system "Hyperloop" in the
Audimax.

   Opinions
   02/22/19
   Federal Parliament in Bern
   >

The electoral system also influences electoral success

The Swiss parliamentary elections will take place in October 2019. Who is
going to win? The nominee with the most votes? A look at the Swiss electoral
system shows that it is more complicated than that. By Silvano Moeckli.

   Opinions
   03/08/19
   Christa Binswanger on the International Women's Day 2019
   >

International Women's Day 2019

What’s the state of equal opportunities in Switzerland in 2019? A commentary
by Christa Binswanger.

   Campus
   01/22/19
   Part of the Central Institute Building of the University of St.Gallen
   (HSG) with the sky in the background
   >

HSG is the university with the best research when it comes to business
administration, says a new ranking in "WirtschaftsWoche"

   Campus
   02/22/19
   Reading by Kristine Bilkau
   >

Kristine Bilkau read from Eine Liebe, in Gedanken

By Dana Sindermann.

   Campus
   02/08/19

AACSB accreditation until to 2023

   The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) has
   renewed the accreditation of the University of St.Gallen (HSG) for the
   next five years. HSG is one of four universities in Switzerland and 831
   worldwide to bear this quality seal.
   Opinions
   11/20/18
   Federal Parliament Bern
   >

Swiss Federal Council elections: No content please!

Fundamental political issues seem to barely play a role in the public debate
surrounding the Swiss Federal Council elections, to be held on 5 December
2018. Patrick Emmenegger, Professor of Political Science at the University of
St.Gallen (HSG), paints a picture of the current mood.

   Publications
   12/04/18
   HSG Focus Kunst
   >

Dossier on "art" in HSG Focus

The latest issue of the digital University magazine is all about art.

   Research
   11/23/18
   University of St.Gallen (HSG) analyzed High-Frequency Trading with
   Swiss Blue Chips
   >

HSG analysed Trading activity with Swiss Blue Chips

Results of the independent research cooperation presented.

   Campus
   11/27/18
   Get Connected
   >

"Get Connected"

The mentoring meeting of the LGBTQ* student associations of the ETH, UZH and
HSG. By student reporter Sascha Duric.

   Background
   11/26/18
   Career paths after the doctorate
   >

Career with a doctor’s degree

An academic career or private industry – what career paths are there with a
doctor’s degree? By Dana Sindermann.

   Events
   11/23/18
   Post-its: TEDxHSG 2018: «Note to Self»
   >

TEDxHSG 2018: "Note to Self"

Twelve people from all walks of life will talk about the defining moments of
their lives.

   Campus
   10/30/18

Advisory Committee supports Platztor Campus

   The Advisory Committee is supporting the planned Platztor Campus site
   of the University of St.Gallen and the construction plans amounting to
   207 million francs. The Platztor Campus site will enable the
   sustainable development of the University of St.Gallen and create
   urgently needed teaching and research facilities for basic education.
   Damian Borth in "Forbes"
   09/20/18
   It’s not just about money in AI research – we have the ability to do
   something good.
   Events
   10/29/18
   KMU Day 2018
   >

SME Day: Success requires bold decisions

"SMEs and decisions – What (really) counts in everyday life" was the title of
the Swiss SME Day. Seven speakers examined decision-making cultures from a
range of perspectives.

   Campus
   08/27/18
   Visualisation Campus Platztor
   >

A second campus for the HSG

The cantonal government has adopted the dispatch about the construction of
the Platztor campus for the University of St.Gallen (HSG).

   Campus
   08/29/18
   App
   >

Newly launched art app “Art@HSG”

The University of St.Gallen (HSG) has an impressive collection of modern art
that is open to the public and can now also be discovered with an art app.

   Research
   06/10/18
   Vote: Yes to Joint Medical Master
   >

Yes to Joint Medical Master

Voters of the Canton of St.Gallen have voted 86.03 percent in favour of
medical training at St.Gallen.

   People
   05/28/18
   Photo: Philip Roth, Copyright: Keystone/AP/ DOUGLAS HEALEY
   >

"Nobody beloved gets out alive" – In Honor of Philip Roth

Born in 1933 in Newark, New Jersey, Philip Roth became one of America’s most
important writers. He died at the age of eighty-five in New York, the city
towering over his beloved home-town which he enshrined in many of his
thirty-one books. By Claudia Brühwiler.

   Videos
   09/11/19
   Video: Researchers at HSG and ETH Zurich have developed an app which
   should help with chronic diseases such as obesity and depression.

Digital pills against modern widespread diseases

Videos

   Video: Researchers at HSG and ETH Zurich have developed an app which
   should help with chronic diseases such as obesity and depression.

Digital pills against modern widespread diseases

   Approximately 80 percent of health expenditure is due to chronic
   diseases, which in turn are often attributable to an unhealthy
   lifestyle. Researchers at the HSG and ETH Zurich want to tackle this
   problem with digital helpers. A video clip from the current issue of
   "HSG Focus" on the topic of "Health". (in German)
   Academic GIFts: What is crowdsourcing? And when is it most effective?

Academic GIFts: What is crowdsourcing?

   Crowdsourcing works best in collaborativ settings - with collaborative
   crowds. In other settings, such as crowdsourcing competitions,
   individuals become less creative over time. This is shown in a study by
   Ivo Blohm, Assistant Professor for Data Science and Management at the
   Institute of Information Management (IWI-HSG).
   Judith Walls

Which leaders make companies more sustainable? An interview with Judith
Walls.

   What traits and characteristics can we look for in leaders that
   indicate that they will move their companies towards better social and
   environmental performance? An interview with Judith Walls, Chair for
   Sustainability Management of the Institute for Economy and the
   Environment (IWÖ-HSG).
   Academic GIFts: On Globalisation and the Concentration of Talent

Academic GIFts: Globalisation and the Concentration of Talent

   Globalisation facilitates the flows of capital, goods, and ideas and it
   provides firms with access to new markets. Yet, the benefits from
   globalisation are not distributed equally. How do these imbalances feed
   back into the allocation of talent across competing teams? A research
   project by Ulrich Schetter (Swiss Institute for International Economics
   and Applied Economic Research at the HSG) and Oriol Tejada (ETH Zurich)
   provides answers to these questions.
   REMforum 2019

#REMforum 2019

   Resistance to wind turbines or prejudices about e-mobility: In the
   polarised public debate about climate change and renewable energies,
   emotions play a major role. At the 10th St.Gallen Forum for Management
   of Renewable Energy, more than 150 international experts discussed
   current challenges, solutions and new business opportunities in the
   energy sector.
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Impact of oil pollution on child mortality in
   Nigeria. Video interview with Prof. Dr. Roland Hodler.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Effects of oil spills on neonatal mortality in Nigeria

   Nigeria is the largest oil producer in Africa. The country has been
   suffering from pollution from the oil industry for decades. To date,
   however, there are hardly any scientific studies that investigate the
   effects of oil accidents on the health of local people. A study carried
   out by Prof. Dr. Roland Hodler at the University of St.Gallen closes
   this gap by investigating the effects of oil spills on neonatal and
   infant mortality. (in German)
   HSG Impact Award 2019. Video interview with Prof. Dr. Stephan Böhm and
   others.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Job retention and mental illness

   Mental illness is often associated with inability to work and often
   with early retirement. The "Center for Disability and Integration" at
   the University of St.Gallen under the direction of Professor Stephan
   Böhm was involved in a multi-year research project on behalf of the
   SVA, which developed concrete solutions for job retention. At the
   centre: training courses for managers who support those affected. (in
   German)
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Data-based platform for sustainable mobility.
   Video interview with Prof. Dr. Felix Wortmann and others.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Data-based platform for sustainable mobility

   Safe and fuel efficient mobility are two core topics of a research
   project by Prof. Dr. Felix Wortmann and the ITEM-HSG. How can drivers
   be specifically warned of dangerous accident sites? How can fuel
   consumption information be presented in such a way that it leads to
   changes in driving behaviour? And what possibilities does the platform
   offer the health sector? (in German)
   Videointerview: Martin Kolmar on "consumption"

Martin Kolmar: "The comfortable life is not the good life"

   Prof. Dr. Martin Kolmar compares our consumption to a never ending
   story. What stands at the end of our consumption? Which neuroscientific
   aspects are associated with consumption? And what did the old virtues
   teach us? A video interview. (in German)
   Marie Ringler on social entrpreneurs. A video interview on the occasion
   of the 49th St.Gallen Symposiums

Marie Ringler on social entrepreneurs

   Marie Ringler, Europe Leader of the American non-profit organisation
   "Ashoka", on entrepreneurs who are committed to solving social and
   societal problems. A video interview on the occasion of the 49th
   St.Gallen Symposium. (in German)
   #2minutes: Maël Schnegg on the Landscape Monitor

#2minutes: Maël Schnegg on the "Landscape Monitor"

   Disruption is on everyone's lips. New technologies but also rapid
   social change can quickly become a disaster for many companies and
   their established business models. This makes it more important for
   companies to systematically monitor their own environment in order to
   identify threatening trends at an early stage. But what is the best way
   to do this? Dr. Maël Schnegg from the Institute for Accounting and
   Controlling at the HSG has helped to develop a tool for this challenge.
   Zilla Leutenegger on "Staircase: Lonely at the top". An art interview.

Zilla Leutenegger on "Staircase: Lonely at the top"

   The Swiss artist Zilla Leutenegger on her work "Staircase: Lonely at
   the top", her art concept and the sgraffito technique used for the
   first time in her work. An art interview. (in German)
   #2minutes: Matthias Weber on monetary policy and economic integration
   in currency unions

#2minutes: Matthias Weber on economic integration in currency unions

   "Economic integration is of crucial importance for the monetary union.
   To function well, the countries have to trade a lot with each other."
   An interview with Matthias Weber, Assistant Professor of Finance at the
   Swiss Institute of Banking and Finance at the University of St.Gallen
   (s/bf-HSG).
   Tony Cragg on art and sculpture. A video interview.

Tony Cragg on art and sculpture

   "The most human thing in the world is art." Tony Cragg on the essence
   of sculpture, on form and material, and sculptures as radical political
   attitude. An art interview. (in German)
   Josh Hsueh

#2minutes: Josh Hsueh on the effects of family business on entrepreneurs

   What is the influence of family business background on next-generation
   entrepreneurship? An interview with Josh Hsueh, Ph.D., post-doctoral
   researcher at the Center for Family Business at the University of
   St.Gallen.
   Andreas Krafft on the Hope Barometer

#2minutes: Andreas Krafft on the Swiss Hope-Barometer

   What do the Swiss hope for? How satisfied are they and what are their
   expectations for the future? An interview with Dr. Andreas Krafft,
   Research Associate for Future Studies at the Institute for Systemic
   Management and Public Governance (IMP-HSG) and board member of
   "swissfuture" of the Swiss Association for Futures Studies. (in German)
   Academic GIFts: Trooper's blunder or who is liable for self-driving
   cars?

Academic GIFts: Who is liable for self-driving cars?

   To err is technical: Even autonomous cars can cause accidents. Who has
   to answer for the damage caused by the the vehicle "Trooper" in a
   careless moment? Melinda Lohmann, Assistant Professor of Business Law
   with special emphasis of Information Law, explains the case from the
   perspective of European law.
   Video interview: Felix Lehner on the artist Hans Josephsohn

Felix Lehner on the artist Hans Josephsohn

   Felix Lehner, founder and managing director of Kunstgiesserei St.Gallen
   and Galerie Felix Lehner AG, on the artist Hans Josephsohn. Which
   sculptural and artistic questions have occupied Josephsohn throughout
   his life? What is so special about his work "Standing Figure, Untitled,
   1962", which can be seen at the University of St.Gallen? And how
   important is the "counterpart" in all his works? (in German)
   Video interview: Franz Schultheis on the inhabitants of the art world

Franz Schultheis on the inhabitants of the art world

   Franz Schultheis on the inhabitants of the art world, heterogeneous
   paths into the art world and the laws of the art market. What roles do
   social and cultural capital play and what characterizes Art
   Entrepreneurs? (in German)
   Damian Borth on the new AI research at the HSG

#2minutes: Damian Borth on the new AI research at the HSG

   The HSG becomes a research center for artificial intelligence. It is
   the first Swiss university to receive an NVIDIA supercomputer. Damian
   Borth, Professor of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning at the
   University of St.Gallen, talks about the "DGX-2" and its potential for
   research. (English subtitles)
   Wolfgang Jenewein on "positive leadership". A video interview.

Wolfgang Jenewein on "positive leadership"

   Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Jenewein on "Empowerment" and "Positive Leadership".
   Why do traditional leadership methods no longer work? How important are
   empathy and communication for leaders and the ability "to see people
   and to recognize their individuality"? A video interview. (in German)
   Academic GIFts: Why do we punish criminals?

Academic GIFts: Why do we punish criminals?

   The criminal punishment of wrongdoers is as old as human kind itself.
   But why do we punish people? And does it work? This question is
   addressed by Nora Markwalder, Assistant Professor of Criminal Law at
   the Law School of the University of St.Gallen (LS-HSG).
   Prof. Ross Koppel in a video interview

Health Information Technology

   The American sociologist Ross Koppel on the use of information
   technologies in clinics, necessary workarounds of doctors when using
   them and the possibilities of Big Data and Artificial Intelligence.
   Ronald C. Arkin on Robots. A video interview.

Ronald C. Arkin on "Robots"

   The American roboticist and roboethicist Ronald C. Arkin on the
   possibilities of robotics, artificial intelligence and robot
   companions. Which ethical questions follow here and why is it necessary
   to deal in a responsible way with the programming and pretensioning of
   emotions in robots? A video interview on the occasion of the 48th
   St.Gallen Symposium.
   Miriam Meckel on Media X.0

Miriam Meckel on Media X.0

   Miriam Meckel on trust and credibility, changes in the media landscape
   and new formats such as live journalism. What challenges will
   publishers and journalists face in the coming years? Which journalistic
   forms will prevail and what are the possibilities of virtual reality
   journalism and automated journalism? (in German)
   Knowledge Bank: Reinhard Jung on Blockchain

Knowledge Bank: Reinhard Jung on Blockchain

   Prof. Dr. Reinhard Jung on classical transactions and the distributed
   ledger technology "blockchain". What is a "blockchain" and how does the
   decentralized accounting system work, that is necessary e.g. for the
   crypto currency bitcoin? How secure is this technology and what
   influence do blockchains have on our economic system? (in German)
   Video interview: Sou Fujimoto on his project "Open Grid", the Learning
   Center at the University of St.Gallen

Learning Center: Sou Fujimoto on «Open Grid – Choices of Tomorrow»

   Architects Sou Fujimoto and Marie de France talk about their project
   "Open Grid", the new Learning Center at the University of St.Gallen.
   How does the building fit into its surroundings? What are the project's
   focal points and which aspects are decisive for a modern learning
   environment that embraces the digital future?
   Knowledge Bank: Christoph Aymanns on Bitcoin

Knowledge Bank: Christoph Aymanns on Bitcoin

   Prof. Dr. Christoph Aymanns on the Bitcoin boom of the last couple of
   months. What characterizes the crypto currency? How can it be used and
   what could the future of the crypto currency look like?
   Tomas Casas on the rise of both Amazon and Alibaba

Clash of Titans: Alibaba vs Amazon. By Tomas Casas

   Tomas Casas, the director oft he China Competence Center at the
   University of St.Gallen, takes a look at the rise of both Amazon and
   Alibaba.
   Knowledge Bank: Marcus Schögel on "Omni-Channel Management", video

Knowledge Bank: Marcus Schögel on "Omni-Channel Management" (in German)

   In the last few years, companies have increasingly combined stationary
   and online sales. Marcus Schögel, Associate Professor and Permanent
   Lecturer of Management with special focus on Marketing (IfM-HSG), on
   opportunities and challenges of Omni-Channel Management. (in German)
   Knowledge Bank: Thomas Zellweger on family business succession

Knowledge Bank: Thomas Zellweger on "family business succession"

   Succession is one of the biggest challenges facing an entrepreneur,
   particularly in the context of family businesses. Thomas Zellweger,
   Professor of Business Administration with specialisation in Family
   Business, KMU-HSG and CFB-HSG, explains different forms of succession
   and why businesses should follow a six-step-process.
   Guido Cozzi on the Horizon 2020 project "MONROE"

Guido Cozzi on the Horizon 2020 project "MONROE"

   Guido Cozzi, Ph.D., on the Horizon 2020 Project "MONROE" which focuses
   on a mathematical model for research and innovation policies. The model
   will allow policy makers to forecast the effects of their choices on
   the macro-economy in general and on society. Guido Cozzi is Professor
   of Macroeconomics at the School of Economics and Political Science
   (SEPS-HSG).
   Tony Schwartz on Donald Trump

Tony Schwartz on Donald Trump

   "Donald Trump is an empty vessel, he is a black hole. He spent his
   whole life trying to fill that hole. That's the essence of Donald
   Trump." An interview with Tony Schwartz, Ghostwriter of Donald Trump's
   book "The Art of the Deal" and CEO of "The Energy Project", at the St.
   Gallen Symposium 2017.
   Marcus Schögel on Sharing Economy

Marcus Schögel on "Sharing Economy"

   Sharing goods, sharing resources: This is the basic idea of the
   "sharing economy". Prof. Dr. Marcus Schögel about the different models
   of sharing economy, new economisation approaches and legal issues that
   are related to the new business models. (in German)
   Further video interviews
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture French language and literature

6.15 - 7-45 p.m., HSG 09-110

   Speaker
   Dr. Danielle Dahan-Feucht
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture City and region of St.Gallen – history of art

6.15 - 7.45 p.m., HSG 01-011

   Modern art in public spaces in the 1950s/1960s: HANS ARP
   Speaker
   Dr. Simona Martinoli and Dr. Roland Scotti
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture Swiss literature

6.15 - 7.45 p.m., Raum für Literatur, Postgebäude am Bahnhof St. Gallen

   The significance of repressed history/stories: for the author, people
   at large and Switzerland
   Speaker
   Eveline Hasler
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture Economics

6.15 - 7.45 p.m., HSG 01-111

   Modern labour market economics
   Speaker
   Professor Dr. Anthony Strittmatter
   Further Events

Accreditations

   AACSB Logo EQUIS

Member of

   Logo CEMS Logo PIM Logo APSIA Logo gbsn

   © Copyright 2019 University
   of St.Gallen Switzerland · General
   legal information · Privacy Policy

   Dufourstrasse 50
   CH-9000 St.Gallen
   Tel +41 71 224 21 11
   Fax +41 71 224 28 16

   University of St.Gallen - School
   of Management, Economics,
   Law, Social Sciences and
   International Affairs (HSG)

   From insight to impact

   Navigation
     * Search
     * Language
       Deutsch
       English
     * Login
     * EN-Social Media, Newsletter
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + YouTube
          + Instagram
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          + Flickr
          + HSG Focus
          + HSG Publishing
          + HSG RSS News
     * EN-Universität spezifische Links
          + Sitemap
          + Intranet employees
          + Studentweb
          + Contact
          + E-Mail
          + Newsletter

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * Studying
     * Executive Education
     * Research
     * Knowledge
     * University

     * News
     * Why HSG
     * Information
     * Bachelor
     * Master
     * Admission
     * Exchange programmes
     * Lectures

     * Welcome
     * About the HSG
     * Your studies – your commitment
     * Rankings & accreditations
     * International network
     * Our faculty
     * Attractive professional opportunities
     * Contextual Studies

     * Areas of Concentration
     * Contextual Studies at the HSG
     * Skills and Languages
     * Team

     * Brochures
     * Open Days
     * Campus tours
     * Fairs
     * International students
     * Counselling
     * Newsletter
     * Life in St.Gallen
     * Financing your studies
     * Career Services
     * Dates
     * Fees

     * For secondary school graduates
     * “Taster” day for prospective law students
     * Masters' Open Day

     * Education fairs in Switzerland
     * Education fairs in Europe
     * Education fairs in Asia
     * Education fairs in Latin America

     * The HSG campus
     * Housing

     * Hotels in St.Gallen

     * Loans and scholarships
     * Funding options
     * Living costs

     * HSG funds
     * Scholarship Directories

     * Exchange semester
     * Excellence Scholarships
     * Tuition fees

     * Employment
     * Funding Finder

     * Services for International Students

     * General information
     * Assessment Year
     * Major in Business Administration
     * Major in Economics
     * Major in International Affairs
     * Major in Law
     * Major in Law and Economics
     * Additional Qualification Programmes
     * Bachelor's exchanges

     * HSG-Kick-off-Days
     * Examination system
     * Contextual Studies
     * Bachelor's thesis
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Mentoring Programme
     * HSG Bachelor Graduation Days

     * The mentoring principle
     * Roles and responsibilities
     * Mentoring process
     * Benefit of the mentoring
     * Applying as a student
     * Registering as a mentor
     * Terms and conditions

     * Initial requirements
     * Freshers' Week
     * Curriculum
     * Examinations
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Optional courses
     * Coaching Programme
     * Contact details Assessment Year

     * Initial requirements for foreign languages
     * Initial requirements for mathematics

     * Concept and objective
     * Case study
     * Schedule of the week
     * Organisational matters
     * Documentation team
     * Partners
     * People behind the Freshers' Week
     * Previous Freshers’ Weeks

     * Keynote speakers and members of the judging panel
     * Other participants

     * Freshers' Week 2018
     * Freshers' Weeks 2016 and 2017
     * Freshers' Weeks 2014 and 2015
     * Freshers' Weeks 2012 and 2013

     * Business Administration
     * Economics
     * Law
     * Core Electives of the Specialisations
     * Contextual Studies
     * Accountancy

     * Autumn Semester
     * Spring Semester

     * Autumn Semester
     * Spring Semester

     * Autumn Semester
     * Spring Semester

     * Measures for foreign-language students

     * Introductory Course in Mathematics
     * InfoTools
     * Conversation classes
     * Mathematical Tutorials
     * Law for foreign students

     * Fact sheet
     * Why Business Administration
     * Student Profile
     * Curriculum
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core and Independent Electives

     * Why Major Economics?
     * Curriculum
     * What next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Independent Electives
     * Specialisation
     * Faculty

     * Fact sheet
     * Why BIA?
     * Student Profile
     * Prospects
     * Curriculum
     * Exchange
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core electives
     * NMUN
     * Practice Credits

     * Business Education
     * DataScienceFundamentals
     * Shortcut DSF von DE auf EN

     * Application procedure regulations
     * Philosophy of the Program and Requirements
     * Elective courses
     * Info events
     * Objectives of the Program
     * Testimonials
     * DSF Team
     * Impressions Bootcamp

     * General information
     * Business Innovation
     * Marketing Management
     * Accounting and Finance
     * Strategy and International Management
     * Business Management
     * Management, Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
     * Banking and Finance
     * Economics
     * Quantitative Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Governance
     * International Law
     * Law
     * Law and Economics
     * Joint Medical Master in St.Gallen
     * CEMS MIM
     * Double degree
     * Additional Qualification Programmes
     * Master's Level exchanges

     * Mentoring Programme
     * Examination system
     * Contextual Studies
     * Campus credits
     * Practice credits
     * Master's thesis
     * HSG Kick-off Days
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Master Licentiate equivalency
     * HSG Master Graduation Days

     * The mentoring principle
     * Roles and responsibilities
     * Mentoring process
     * Benefit of the mentoring
     * Applying as a student
     * Registering as a mentor
     * Terms and conditions

     * Spring Semester Kick-off Day
     * Autumn Semester Kick-off Days

     * Fact sheet
     * Why MiMM
     * Student profile
     * Career perspectives
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Partners
     * Contact

     * Compulsory subjects
     * Core electives

     * Fact sheet
     * Why MAccFin
     * Student profile
     * Career outlook
     * Curriculum
     * Preferred Partnership
     * Exchange
     * True and fair view

     * Compulsory subjects
     * Core electives

     * KPMG
     * ZEB
     * EY
     * Lonza
     * Procter & Gamble

     * Fact Sheet
     * Why SIM
     * Career Outlook
     * SIM Curriculum
     * Financing SIM Studies
     * Study Abroad
     * SIM Community
     * Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
     * Contact
     * SIM Programme Brochure Order

     * SIM Core Courses
     * SIM Core Electives
     * SIM in Practice
     * Learning Methodology

     * SIM Students
     * SIM Faculty
     * Corporate Partners

     * Fact Sheet
     * Why MBF
     * Student Profile
     * Curriculum
     * Career Outlook
     * Financing and Fellowships
     * Faculty
     * Corporate Partners
     * Global Network Partners
     * Integration Days
     * Alumni
     * Women in MBF
     * Frequently Asked Questions
     * Contact

     * Compulsory subjects
     * Core electives
     * International courses
     * Research seminars
     * Independent Electives
     * Master's Thesis
     * Practice Credits

     * Why MEcon?
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree Programmes (DDP)
     * MEcon, what next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * FAQs
     * Partner
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Specialisation Areas
     * Practice Credits
     * Practice Project: HSG Next Generation
     * Faculty

     * Career Day for Economists

     * Why MiQE/F?
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree Programmes (DDP)
     * MiQE/F, what Next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * FAQs

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Practice Credits
     * Practice Project: HSG Next Generation
     * Faculty

     * Why MIA?
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree Programmes
     * MIA, what next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * FAQs

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Practice Credits
     * Faculty

     * DDP with Sciences Po
     * DDP with The Fletcher School
     * DDP with Yonsei GSIS
     * DDP with Universidad Los Andes

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * MIA Alumni

     * Factsheet
     * Why MIL
     * Student Profile
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Career Perspectives
     * Partnerships
     * FAQ
     * Contact

     * Why CEMS MIM
     * Fact Sheet
     * Network
     * Testimonials
     * Curriculum
     * Selection
     * Contact

     * CEMS Block Seminar

     * DM2 Europe
     * SSE double degree
     * FGV-EAESP in Brazil
     * SIM double degree
     * MIA double degree
     * MIL double degree

     * Business Education
     * Certificate in Business Journalism

     * Admission to a Bachelor's programme
     * Admission to a Master's programme
     * Admission to a Ph.D. programme
     * Admission to Additional Qualification Programmes
     * Entry to Switzerland
     * Application
     * Online application deadlines
     * Rematriculation
     * Team

     * HSG admission test
     * Admission to a second Bachelor's degree

     * Business Innovation
     * Marketing Management
     * Business Management
     * Accounting and Finance
     * Banking and Finance
     * Strategy and International Management
     * Management, Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
     * Economics
     * Quantitative Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Governance
     * International Law
     * Law
     * Law and Economics

     * Ph.D. in Management
     * Ph.D. in Economics and Finance
     * Ph.D. in International Affairs and Political Economy
     * Ph.D. in Organisation Studies and Cultural Theory
     * Ph.D. in Law
     * Ph.D. in Finance

     * Business Education I
     * Business Education II
     * Certificate in Business Journalism
     * Certificate in Data Science Fundamentals

     * Application Rematriculation

     * Incoming Guest Students
     * Outgoing HSG Students
     * Housing
     * Contact

     * Partner university exchange Bachelor and Master
     * ISP-MBA
     * Management in Europe
     * CEMS MIM
     * THEMIS
     * Swiss Mobility
     * Freemover
     * ESKAS - Swiss Government Excellence Scholarships
     * GSERM - Global School in Empirical Research Methods
     * Guest auditors and individual course participation

     * Bachelor - Partner university exchange
     * Bachelor - HSG Asia Term
     * Bachelor - HSG Latam Term
     * Bachelor - Swiss Mobility
     * Bachelor - Freemover
     * Master - Partner university exchange
     * Master - THEMIS
     * Master - Swiss Mobility
     * Master - Freemover

     * Student accommodations
     * Report a housing problem

     * Brühlbleichestrasse 11
     * Holzstrasse 11
     * Langgasse 49
     * Paradiesstrasse 11
     * Rosenbergstrasse 55
     * Rosenbergstrasse 6
     * Rosenbergstrasse 74
     * Ruhsitzstrasse 22
     * Stueckelbergstrasse 5
     * Wassergasse 47

     * Faculty
     * Course directories

     * According to functions
     * According to names

     * Spring Semester 2020 (provisional)
     * Autumn Semester 2019
     * Spring Semester 2019
     * Autumn Semester 2018

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * MBA
     * Executive MBA
     * Programme Finder
     * Customized Programmes

     * Research at the HSG
     * Centers and Cooperations
     * Ph.D.
     * Research Promotion
     * Workshops and events for new Professors
     * Promotion of young scientists
     * Alexandria
     * Services
     * Open Facutly Positions
     * Faculty Development Leadership Pro

     * Vision and research
     * Vice-President's Board (Research)
     * Research Committee
     * Ethics Committee
     * Who is researching what?
     * HSG funding institutions
     * Funding institutions outside the HSG

     * Members

     * Members

     * Global Centers
     * Centres
     * Research Cooperations

     * «Global Center for Customer Insight»
     * «Global Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation»

     * Research partners in industry

     * BMW Group
     * Bosch IoT Lab
     * Hilti Lab
     * SBB Lab

     * Research areas
     * Recruiting

     * Research areas
     * Recruiting

     * Aktuelle Forschungsthemen
     * Nachwuchsförderung

     * General information
     * Management
     * Finance
     * Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Political Economy
     * Law
     * Organization Studies and Cultural Theory

     * HSG-Kick-off-Days
     * PhD Office
     * Structure of Ph.D. studies
     * Types of doctoral theses
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Dates and fees
     * Mentoring Programme

     * Supervison of a Thesis
     * External Co-Supervisors

     * Coursework
     * Research stage

     * The mentoring principle
     * Roles and responsibilities
     * Mentoring process
     * Benefit of the mentoring
     * Applying as a student
     * Registering as a mentor
     * Terms and conditions

     * Accounting
     * Business Innovation
     * General Management
     * Marketing
     * Method and subject matter courses

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Admission
     * Placements
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * FAQ
     * Students

     * Coursework Stage
     * Research Stage

     * Compulsory Courses
     * Core Electives
     * Research Proposal

     * Professors
     * Associate Professors
     * Assistant Professors

     * Why PEF?
     * Admission and Regulations
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Job Market Candidates
     * Students and Alumni
     * FAQ
     * Factsheet
     * Contact

     * Why DIA?
     * Admission and Regulations
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Alumni
     * Contact

     * Curriculum
     * DOK Faculty
     * PhD Students
     * Admission
     * Career paths
     * Contact

     * Coursework stage
     * Thesis stage
     * Course planning

     * Projects
     * Career
     * Latest Calls and Deadlines
     * Science communication
     * European research

     * GFF Start-up financing
     * GFF Project funding

     * International Postdoctoral Fellowships
     * Doc.CH (HSS)
     * SNSF Mobility Fellowships
     * Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions (MSCA)

     * Publication Fund
     * Research Panel Fund
     * Congress Subsidies

     * EU projects in Switzerland
     * EU Projects at the HSG
     * EU Framework Programme for Research and Innovation
     * HSG applicants
     * Events
     * Other EU research programmes
     * Evaluators

     * Seeking partners

     * Global School in Empirical Research Methods
     * Young Investigator Programme
     * PhD Writing Groups

     * Offers and Services at a Glance
     * Reflection, Orientation, Clarification
     * Discover
     * Commit
     * Accelerate

     * Reflect on your decision to pursue a Doctoral Thesis
     * Build your community at the HSG
     * Find a mentor
     * Develop your speaking and presentation skills
     * Build an international network
     * Train in creative and visual thinking

     * Academic integrity: Learn what that means
     * Actively focus on defining your career goals
     * Inform yourself early eough about funding opportunities
     * Work on your communication skills
     * Manage your research data
     * Network with your peers

     * Fine-tune your profile as an academic
     * Considering a career as a professor?
     * Develop your teaching skills
     * Get involved by joining HSG committees
     * Launch projects with your own team
     * Learn how to communicate professionally in the media
     * Expand your international network

     * Point of contact
     * Data and Method Consulting

     * Consultancy for empirical economic- and social research

     * Faculty

     * Newsroom
     * Events
     * HSG Focus
     * Blogs
     * Publications
     * Animated Research
     * Knowledge Bank
     * Term of the month

     * Special topic: HSG History Lesson
     * Special topic: 2019 Swiss Elections
     * Special topic Bitcoin & Co
     * Special topic Entrepreneurship
     * All special topics

     * Regular events

     * Agenda
     * Dies academicus
     * HSG Graduation Days
     * PhD Award Ceremony
     * The HSG Freshers’ Week
     * HSG Kick-off Days

     * Publication archive

     * Academic GIFts
     * Little Green Bags

     * About us
     * Library
     * Visitors
     * Institutes
     * Schools
     * Press
     * Support HSG
     * Alumni
     * Working
     * Services

     * Vision
     * Portrait
     * Structure
     * Networks
     * HSG extension

     * HSG Roadmap 2025
     * Our brand
     * Policy Statement on Responsibility & Sustainability 2016

     * President’s welcome message
     * The HSG in figures
     * History
     * Quality development
     * Rankings and accreditations
     * HSG Entrepreneurship
     * HSG Sustainability
     * Equal Opportunities and Diversity
     * Informational materials

     * Student statistics
     * Facts Research
     * Facts «Community»
     * Facts international and regional
     * Financial Power

     * HSG chronology to 1975
     * Honorary Doctors of the HSG
     * HSG chronology from 1976
     * President´s Boards

     * Eduard-Otto-Schulze
     * Karl-Buerke
     * Paul-Oettli
     * Robert-Debes
     * Walther-Hug
     * Theo-Keller
     * Wolfhart-F-Buergi
     * Walter-Adolf-Joehr
     * Otto-K-Kaufmann
     * Francesco-Kneschaurek
     * Willi-Geiger
     * Hans-Siegwart
     * Alfred-Meier
     * Alois-Riklin
     * Rolf-Dubs
     * Georges-Fischer
     * Peter-Gomez
     * Ernst-Mohr
     * Thomas-Bieger

     * Course evaluation

     * Ranking results
     * Accreditations and Audits

     * Board of Governors
     * Senate
     * President's Board
     * Vice-President's Board (Studies & Academic Affairs)
     * Vice-President's Board (Research & Faculty)
     * Vice-President's Board (External Relations)
     * Vice-President's Board (Planning & Development)
     * Non-tenured faculty
     * Advisory Board 2007-2020
     * Honorary Senators
     * Student Union
     * Appellate bodies
     * Schools
     * University administration

     * The President’s Delegates

     * 2015-2017: Advisory Board
     * 2012-2014: Advisory Board
     * 2007-2010: Advisory Board

     * Appeal Committee

     * Decisions of the Appeal Committee (in German)

     * HSG hubs around the world
     * Partner universities
     * CEMS - The Global Alliance in Management Education
     * PIM - Partnership in International Management
     * APSIA - Association of Professional Schools of Int. Affairs
     * GBSN - Global Business School Network
     * GRLI – Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative
     * PRME – United Nations Global Compact
     * Swissuniversities

     * Singapore
     * São Paulo

     * Services
     * Search and Find
     * About our library
     * Library News

     * Borrowing / User account
     * Courier and Interlibrary loan services
     * Purchase suggestions
     * Infrastructure
     * seatfinder
     * Support
     * Courses and Events
     * Speaking Wall / Social Media
     * Open Access
     * Research Data Management

     * Borrowing regulations
     * Regulations for Use
     * Fee regulations

     * Interlibrary loan order
     * Order form journal articles

     * Internet / Wifi / VPN
     * Study space in the Library
     * Printing, photocopying, scanning
     * Lockers
     * Cafeteria

     * About seatfinder

     * Speed Lectures
     * Course "All in one hour"
     * Course "Research, cite and write"
     * Course "Reference Management"
     * Course "Search & Find in Finance"
     * Course "Search & Find in Law"
     * Course "Search & Find in Business and Political Sciences"
     * Night of Writing Skills
     * The Library on WhatsApp

     * Open Access at the University of St.Gallen
     * Tools and instructions for authors
     * Open Access Support
     * Open Access Glossary

     * Relevant policies
     * Data management plan (DMP)
     * Data storage
     * RDM support at HSG

     * Information about Metasearch
     * Library catalogue
     * Databases
     * Journals
     * E-Books
     * Reference Management with Endnote
     * Instructions for citations
     * MediaScout (indoor navigation)
     * Journal / article rating

     * HSG Library Network
     * New acquisitions
     * Reserve collections

     * Reserve collections instructions

     * A - Z list of databases
     * Business & Economics
     * Law & Political Sciences
     * Social Sciences
     * Humanities
     * Computer & Information Science
     * HSG publications EDIS/EDOK/Alexandria
     * Reference works
     * Information about SFX
     * Search and Find Help
     * Text & Data Mining TDM

     * How to create a PDF/A file

     * Opening hours
     * Readings
     * Library FAQs
     * Facts and figures
     * Projects
     * History
     * Librarianship

     * Projects 2018
     * Projects 2017
     * Projects 2016
     * Projects 2015
     * EBSLG General Meeting 2015

     * Public lectures
     * Children’s University
     * Guided tour of the HSG
     * Guided art tours
     * InfoDesk
     * Directions
     * Conference venue
     * Emergency

     * Children’s University syllabus
     * Children’s University concept

     * Children's University Gallery

     * Gallery
     * Art interviews
     * Art Tellstrasse - art@tell

     * Art on Campus 2017
     * art@tell 2015
     * art@tell 2014
     * art@tell 2013
     * Media

     * art@tell 2015 - Photogallery

     * art@tell 2014 - Photogallery

     * Gallery – Art at Tell, Edition 2-2014

     * Contact
     * Campus map - Google MyMap
     * Opening hours

     * University
     * Executive Campus HSG
     * Campus-E
     * House Rules
     * Catering

     * Executive Campus catering
     * HSG campus restaurant & cafeteria

     * Locations & opening hours

     * Management
     * Finance
     * Economics and Political Science
     * Law
     * Humanities and Social Sciences

     * Aktuelles Veranstaltungen
     * About the SoM
     * Research Seminars
     * Global Centers
     * Research and publications
     * Degree courses and executive education
     * Job vacancies
     * Contact

     * Our mission
     * Dean
     * Faculty
     * Institutes, faculties and centres

     * Associate Professors
     * Full professors
     * Senior lecturers and adjunct professors
     * Assistant professors
     * Honorary Doctors of Economics

     * Global Center for Customer Insight
     * Global Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation

     * About the SoF
     * Teaching
     * Research
     * Job vacancies
     * Contact

     * Professors
     * Adjunct Professors
     * Assistant Professors
     * Honorary Doctor
     * Institutes
     * Resources

     * Bachelor
     * Master
     * Ph.D.
     * Executive Education

     * Publications
     * SoF Working Papers
     * Research seminar
     * PiF Seminar

     * Former Speakers

     * Seminars
     * Research
     * Degree Courses
     * About the SEPS
     * Contact

     * Brown Bag Seminar
     * Research Seminar Econ
     * Research Seminar Pol
     * Quantitative Methods Seminar

     * Discussion Papers
     * Rankings

     * SEPS Excellence in Teaching Award
     * Economics Master's Thesis Award
     * Newsletter "Economics@HSG"
     * Newsletter "International Affairs@HSG"

     * Faculty
     * Department of Economics
     * Department of Political Science
     * Institutes, faculties and centres

     * Professors
     * Permanent Lecturers and Associate Professors
     * Assistant Professors
     * Honorary Doctor of Economics
     * Honorary Doctor of Political Science
     * Guest Professors

     * Faculty
     * Activities
     * Economics @ HSG

     * Administrative Staff
     * Professors
     * Fellows and assistants
     * Activities

     * News
     * About the Law School
     * Publications
     * Teaching and further education
     * Job vacancies
     * Contacts

     * Chairs
     * Assistant Professors
     * Adjunct professors
     * Honorary Professors
     * Private Lecturers
     * Visiting Professors
     * External Professors
     * Emeriti
     * Honorary doctorates
     * Advisory Board
     * Structure
     * Institutes

     * Chair Bertschinger
     * Chair Fassbender
     * Chair Gschwend
     * Chair Hettich
     * Chair Mueller-Chen
     * Chair Roberto
     * Chair Schindler

     * Professor
     * Team and contact

     * Recent publications
     * Professor
     * List of Publications
     * Team and contact
     * Moot Court

     * Professor
     * Courses
     * Research

     * Prof. Müller-Chen
     * Team
     * Courses & Papers
     * Research
     * Executive Education

     * Research
     * Lecturers
     * Professor
     * Publications
     * Team

     * Assistant Professor Burri

     * Why study law at the University of St.Gallen?
     * Executive education

     * About SHSS
     * Supervision of BA- and MA-Theses
     * Gender- and Diversity-Commission SHSS
     * Contact

     * Chinese Culture and Society
     * German Language and Literature
     * English Studies
     * Gender and Diversity
     * History
     * Islamic Studies
     * Italian Culture and Society
     * Mediating Culture
     * Philosophy
     * Psychology
     * Russian Culture and Society
     * Sociology
     * South Asian Studies
     * Spanish Language and Literature
     * Transcultural Studies
     * Wirtschaftsethik

     * Professor Dr. Daria Berg
     * News
     * Staff
     * Teaching
     * PhD Programme
     * Research
     * Publications

     * Teaching
     * Research and publications
     * Staff
     * Staff DE

     * Andreas Härter
     * Carina Groener
     * Ulrike Landfester
     * Daniel Cuonz
     * Johannes Anderegg
     * Judith Michelmann

     * Teaching
     * Research
     * People

     * Teaching
     * Current Issues
     * Team GenderDiversity

     * Research
     * Teaching
     * Staff

     * Teaching
     * People

     * Teaching
     * Research and publications
     * News and events
     * Team

     * alle Vorlesungen

     * Research
     * Teaching

     * People
     * Teaching
     * Research and Publications
     * News and Events
     * Dewey-Center Switzerland

     * Teaching
     * Research

     * Teaching
     * Research and Publications
     * Team

     * Student-Centered Learning Lab
     * Research
     * Teaching
     * Lectures and seminars

     * Lecturers

     * Prof. Dr. Yvette Sánchez
     * Our Team
     * Research Projects supervised by Yvette Sánchez
     * Addresses and information

     * Curriculum Vitae
     * Research Projects and Fields of Research
     * University and Academic Committee Work
     * Organisation of Conference and Lecture Series
     * Publications
     * Lectures
     * Panels, Collaborations in Radio, TV and Print Media

     * Emeritus Prof. Dr. Gustav Siebenmann

     * Team

     * HSG Expert Service
     * Media Releases

     * Interviews via Globelynx camera

     * Supporting the University of St.Gallen
     * Office of Development
     * The HSG Foundation
     * Benefactors of the University of St.Gallen
     * Supporting HSG
     * Expression of gratitude
     * Contact

     * Current job vacancies
     * HSG as an employer
     * Welcome Services
     * Human Resources
     * Equal Opportunities
     * Living in St.Gallen

     * Jobs

     * A place of learning
     * Employees’ views
     * Conditions of employment
     * What the university offers

     * Work and residency
     * Contract of employment
     * Information for faculty

     * Getting started

     * Working at the HSG
     * Switzerland
     * St.Gallen
     * Before entry
     * After entry
     * Taxes & insurance
     * Family

     * Salary
     * Resources & Infrastructure
     * Administrative services
     * University and Research Development

     * Family & education allowances

     * Research assistants
     * Infrastructure contribution

     * Mobility
     * Media
     * Telephone / Internet

     * Greater Zurich Area
     * Lake Constance area

     * Work and residence permit
     * Living
     * Customs formalities

     * Types of residence permits

     * Banking
     * Family migration

     * Taxes
     * Social and pension insurance
     * Health insurance
     * General insurance

     * Tax return
     * Withholding tax
     * Anticipatory tax

     * Pillar 1 (AHV/IV)
     * Pillar 2 (BV)
     * Pillar 3 (Individual pensions)
     * Accident insurance
     * Income compensation (EO)

     * Childcare
     * School

     * Finding a school

     * Team
     * Address and directions

     * Tourist Information
     * Culture
     * Wining and dining
     * Hotels and accommodation
     * Housing market
     * Healthcare
     * Public transport

     * Sights
     * Theatre
     * Concerts
     * Museums

     * Advice
     * Companies
     * Sport
     * Language Center
     * Career & Corporate Services
     * HSG Shop
     * HSG newsletters
     * IT Services

     * Informatik
     * Advisory services

     * Dean's Advisory Office
     * Ph.D. Office
     * Admissions Office
     * Financing your studies
     * Student Mobility
     * Executive education counselling
     * Counselling and Psychological Services
     * Human Resources
     * Special Needs
     * Crèches
     * Equal Opportunities
     * Ombudsman’s Office
     * Whistleblowing Office
     * University Archives
     * Military Liaison Office
     * Pastoral Care
     * Quality development
     * Writing Lab
     * University of St.Gallen procurement guidelines

     * Legal basis
     * Advice
     * Compensation for disadvantages
     * Barrier-free University
     * Organisation & cooperation
     * Contacts

     * Committee for Gender Equality
     * Gender-Monitoring

     * Legal basis and voluntary commitment

     * Tasks & Duties
     * Use and contact
     * Publication archive

     * Writing Lab

     * Employee Training
     * Cooperation with the HSG

     * Sports program & registration
     * Sports facilities
     * About us
     * Special occasions and tournaments
     * Sportpartnerboerse
     * Admittance to UniSport
     * Clubs and associations

     * Feedback

     * Academic Athletics Association (AAA)
     * Our mission

     * Media

     * About the Language Center
     * Contextual Studies Language Courses
     * Intensive Courses and Workshops
     * SprachenImAssessment
     * Languages for Exchange Students
     * Language and Aptitude Tests
     * Intensive Preparation Courses
     * Conversation Courses
     * Self-Learning Center
     * Intensive Course German for Academic Studies
     * Intensive Course English for Academic Studies
     * Online Language Course Rosetta Stone®
     * Writing Lab
     * Translation & Proofreading

     * Management & Team
     * Lecturers
     * Directions to the Language Center
     * Events & Exhibitions

     * Panel Discussion - Prague Spring and Ota Šiks "The Third Way"

     * Academic Writing Skills in German

     * German Courses

     * Cambridge Exams (CAE & CPE)
     * External language certificate for Chinese (HSK)
     * DFP
     * GMAT®
     * IELTS
     * TEF
     * TOEFL® iBT
     * Other Certificates

     * Registration
     * On the Test Day
     * Score Reports
     * FAQs

     * Examination Dates and Registration
     * Checklist
     * Tips
     * FAQs

     * TOEFL Preparatory Course
     * GMAT Preparatory Course
     * IELTS Preparatory Course
     * Further Services for Preparation of various Tests

     * Registration for Course Participants
     * Information for Course Instructors

     * Introduction into the Arabic Language

     * Correction Service for TOEFL-Essays
     * FAQ

     * General Information
     * Rosetta Stone® Foundation
     * Rosetta Stone® Advantage

     * Registration for Rosetta Stone® Foundation
     * Starting Rosetta Stone®

     * HSG IT terms of use
     * Network Access
     * Password Service (PWS)
     * SWITCH edu-ID

     * AAI login conditions of use
     * Mail
     * UNISG Login Help

     * Hotspots
     * Virtual Private Network (VPN)
     * Eduroam
     * Gast Zugang

     * Eduroam FAQ

     * FAQ SWITCH edu-ID

   (BUTTON)
   Back
   #alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WWDW8S

   Logo University of St.Gallen

     * Studying
          + News
          + Why HSG
               o Welcome
               o About the HSG
               o Your studies – your commitment
               o Rankings & accreditations
               o International network
               o Our faculty
               o Attractive professional opportunities
               o Contextual Studies
          + Information
               o Brochures
               o Open Days
               o Campus tours
               o Fairs
               o International students
               o Counselling
               o Newsletter
               o Life in St.Gallen
               o Financing your studies
               o Career Services
               o Dates
               o Fees
          + Bachelor
               o General information
               o Assessment Year
               o Major in Business Administration
               o Major in Economics
               o Major in International Affairs
               o Major in Law
               o Major in Law and Economics
               o Additional Qualification Programmes
               o Bachelor's exchanges
          + Master
               o General information
               o Business Innovation
               o Marketing Management
               o Accounting and Finance
               o Strategy and International Management
               o Business Management
               o Management, Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
               o Banking and Finance
               o Economics
               o Quantitative Economics and Finance
               o International Affairs and Governance
               o International Law
               o Law
               o Law and Economics
               o Joint Medical Master in St.Gallen
               o CEMS MIM
               o Double degree
               o Additional Qualification Programmes
               o Master's Level exchanges
          + Admission
               o Admission to a Bachelor's programme
               o Admission to a Master's programme
               o Admission to a Ph.D. programme
               o Admission to Additional Qualification Programmes
               o Entry to Switzerland
               o Application
               o Online application deadlines
               o Rematriculation
               o Team
          + Exchange programmes
               o Incoming Guest Students
               o Outgoing HSG Students
               o Housing
               o Contact
          + Lectures
               o Faculty
               o Course directories
     * Executive
       Education
          + MBA
          + Executive MBA
          + Programme Finder
          + Customized Programmes
     * Research
          + Research at the HSG
               o Vision and research
               o Vice-President's Board (Research)
               o Research Committee
               o Ethics Committee
               o Who is researching what?
               o HSG funding institutions
               o Funding institutions outside the HSG
          + Centers and Cooperations
               o Global Centers
               o Centres
               o Research Cooperations
          + Ph.D.
               o General information
               o Management
               o Finance
               o Economics and Finance
               o International Affairs and Political Economy
               o Law
               o Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
          + Research Promotion
               o Projects
               o Career
               o Latest Calls and Deadlines
               o Science communication
               o European research
          + Workshops and events for new Professors
          + Promotion of young scientists
               o Global School in Empirical Research Methods
               o Young Investigator Programme
               o PhD Writing Groups
          + Alexandria
          + Services
               o Point of contact
               o Data and Method Consulting
          + Open Facutly Positions
               o Faculty
          + Faculty Development Leadership Pro
     * Knowledge
          + Newsroom
               o Special topic: HSG History Lesson
               o Special topic: 2019 Swiss Elections
               o Special topic Bitcoin & Co
               o Special topic Entrepreneurship
               o All special topics
          + Events
               o Regular events
          + HSG Focus
          + Blogs
          + Publications
               o Publication archive
          + Animated Research
               o Academic GIFts
               o Little Green Bags
          + Knowledge Bank
          + Term of the month
     * University
          + About us
               o Vision
               o Portrait
               o Structure
               o Networks
               o HSG extension
          + Library
               o Services
               o Search and Find
               o About our library
               o Library News
          + Visitors
               o Public lectures
               o Children’s University
               o Guided tour of the HSG
               o Guided art tours
               o InfoDesk
               o Directions
               o Conference venue
               o Emergency
          + Institutes
          + Schools
               o Management
               o Finance
               o Economics and Political Science
               o Law
               o Humanities and Social Sciences
          + Press
               o HSG Expert Service
               o Media Releases
          + Support HSG
               o Supporting the University of St.Gallen
               o Office of Development
               o The HSG Foundation
               o Benefactors of the University of St.Gallen
               o Supporting HSG
               o Expression of gratitude
               o Contact
          + Alumni
          + Working
               o Current job vacancies
               o HSG as an employer
               o Welcome Services
               o Human Resources
               o Equal Opportunities
               o Living in St.Gallen
          + Services
               o Advice
               o Companies
               o Sport
               o Language Center
               o Career & Corporate Services
               o HSG Shop
               o HSG newsletters
               o IT Services

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Search
     * Language
       Deutsch
       English
     * Login
     * EN-Social Media, Newsletter
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + YouTube
          + Instagram
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          + Flickr
          + HSG Focus
          + HSG Publishing
          + HSG RSS News
     * EN-Universität spezifische Links
          + Sitemap
          + Intranet employees
          + Studentweb
          + Contact
          + E-Mail
          + Newsletter

   Mobile Navigation

   New issue of HSG Focus has appeared

   In September 2019, the digital University magazine HSG Focus will
   concentrate on "Health"

   Public lectures in autumn 2019

   In Autumn Semester 2019, the University of St.Gallen is inviting the
   general public to 36 public lectures.

   Special topic: 2019 Swiss Elections

   In our special topic, HSG experts analyse current political, economic
   and social developments in Switzerland.

Access Points

     * Alumni
     * Companies
     * Compass
     * Conference venue
     * Emergency
     * Institutes
     * Jobs
     * Lectures
     * Library
     * Press
     * Public lectures
     * Schools
     * Sports
     * Startups
     * Studynet
     * Supporting HSG
     * Sustainability
     * Visitors

   The contents are loading please wait
   There is no content for this configuration

   Events
   09/19/19
   City with night lights
   >

Smart Government Day 2019

A current study shows how leaders from politics and administration can
promote "Smart Government”. The results will be presented at the Smart
Government Day on 24 September 2019. Vitali Klitschko, Mayor of Kiev, will
give a talk on Smart City Kiev.

   People
   08/29/19
   Carla del Ponte talking to Ignazio Cassis
   >

Carla Del Ponte wins award for her uncompromising pursuit of war criminals

Carla del Ponte was recently awarded the Erich Walser Generation Prize at the
University of St.Gallen. The Ticino-born lawyer received the prize in
recognition of her services as chief prosecutor for war crimes committed in
former Yugoslavia and Rwanda.

   HSGStGallen
   0

   09/05/18
   Newsroom of the University of St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Newsroom

Find all our news at a glance.

   C. Binswanger on inequalities between the sexes in the "NYTimes"
   06/17/19
   It’s an institutional problem, a societal problem.

   09/05/18
   Degree course news
   >

News and Events

   Campus
   09/09/19
   Students on their way to the Main Building of the University of
   St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Annual press conference on "Innovations in teaching"

Teaching at the University of St.Gallen is being continually developed
according to the latest knowledge of teaching and international trends. The
university’s management team provided information on this as part of its
annual press conference.

   Research
   08/22/19
   Swiss Payment Monitor 2019
   >

Swiss Payment Monitor 2019

According to the latest Swiss Payment Monitor new payment methods such as
contactless and mobile are enjoying a surge in popularity.

   Research
   08/15/19
   Study long-term care
   >

Without reforms, financing for long-term care is in danger

New direction needed within the care area., says a new study published by the
Institute for Insurance Economics at the University of St.Gallen (I.VW-HSG).

   unistgallen
   0

   09/05/18
   Alle events at the University of St.Gallen; photo: Fotalia / tatomm
   >

Events

Find all our events at a glance.

   Opinions
   07/12/19
   Moon Landing
   >

50 Anniversary of the moon landing

What can we learn today from this historic mission? By Oliver Gassmann.

   HSGUniStGallen
   0
   Campus
   08/06/19
   Political commitment of HSG students
   >

Why HSG students are politically active.

By student reporter Thomas Tarantini

   Research
   07/12/19
   Forest from above; European insurance companies pursue climate-friendly
   investment policy
   >

Climate-friendly investment policy

A study by the HSG has shown that European insurance companies are no longer
investing in CO2-emitting industries.

   Opinions
   06/07/19
   Miriam Meckel on algorithmic democracy
   >

An appeal for algorithmic direct democracy

A commentary by Miriam Meckel.

   Show more
   Opinions
   05/28/19
   Explainable AI
   >

Explainable AI: Opening the Machine-Learning Black Boxes

By Siegfried Handschuh.

   Campus
   07/19/19
   Health Care
   >

Health care gaining in significance

By student reporter Thomas Tarantini.

   Campus
   06/03/19
   235.5
   Annual contribution of the University of St.Gallen in the region
   amounts to CHF 235.5 million.
   Infographic-axis
   Research
   05/21/19
   >

"HSG Impact Award 2019"

Once again this year, the University of St.Gallen (HSG) is honouring three
research projects that have achieved a special social impact.

   Research
   05/24/19
   9th Consumer Barometer Renewable Energy
   >

9th Customer Barometer for Renewable Energies

Everyone is talking about climate strikers. How does the population rate
young people’s protest? These and other questions are answered by the
Customer Barometer.

   Campus
   05/31/19
   8669
   8669 students study at the University of St.Gallen.
   bar-graph
   Research
   05/22/19
   GemeinwohlAtlas Deutschland 2019
   >

Public Value Atlas Germany

The fire brigade and the Federal Agency for Technical Relief occupy the first
places in the favor of the German population. The first company only ranked
30th.

   Campus
   05/17/19
   President's Board 2020 until 2022
   >

All the members of the HSG President’s Board for 2020 to 2022 appointed

   Research
   05/13/19
   Precious metal atlas – Swiss people like to invest in gold
   >

Precious metal atlas

Gold is among Swiss people’s favourite forms of investment. This has been
revealed by the latest survey conducted by the IRM-HSG.

   Campus
   04/29/19
   Suitcase, Student Mobility
   >

Off on exchange – but where to exactly?

An article by student reporter Niels Niemann.

   Events
   04/05/19

Media: The recipe for survival is quality

   The media stands in the middle of a digital transformation. What does
   it take to survive into the future? During a podium discussion,
   representatives of Swiss media companies confidently showed that
   digital opportunities will help quality journalism to flourish once
   again.
   Events
   03/29/19
   START Summit 2019
   >

Special topic START Summit 2019

   Events
   03/21/19
   Dirk Ahlborn: Hyperloop
   >

Hyperloop: Travelling in a high-tech capsule at over 1,000 km/h

Dirk Ahlborn presented his futuristic transport system "Hyperloop" in the
Audimax.

   Opinions
   02/22/19
   Federal Parliament in Bern
   >

The electoral system also influences electoral success

The Swiss parliamentary elections will take place in October 2019. Who is
going to win? The nominee with the most votes? A look at the Swiss electoral
system shows that it is more complicated than that. By Silvano Moeckli.

   Opinions
   03/08/19
   Christa Binswanger on the International Women's Day 2019
   >

International Women's Day 2019

What’s the state of equal opportunities in Switzerland in 2019? A commentary
by Christa Binswanger.

   Campus
   01/22/19
   Part of the Central Institute Building of the University of St.Gallen
   (HSG) with the sky in the background
   >

HSG is the university with the best research when it comes to business
administration, says a new ranking in "WirtschaftsWoche"

   Campus
   02/22/19
   Reading by Kristine Bilkau
   >

Kristine Bilkau read from Eine Liebe, in Gedanken

By Dana Sindermann.

   Campus
   02/08/19

AACSB accreditation until to 2023

   The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) has
   renewed the accreditation of the University of St.Gallen (HSG) for the
   next five years. HSG is one of four universities in Switzerland and 831
   worldwide to bear this quality seal.
   Opinions
   11/20/18
   Federal Parliament Bern
   >

Swiss Federal Council elections: No content please!

Fundamental political issues seem to barely play a role in the public debate
surrounding the Swiss Federal Council elections, to be held on 5 December
2018. Patrick Emmenegger, Professor of Political Science at the University of
St.Gallen (HSG), paints a picture of the current mood.

   Publications
   12/04/18
   HSG Focus Kunst
   >

Dossier on "art" in HSG Focus

The latest issue of the digital University magazine is all about art.

   Research
   11/23/18
   University of St.Gallen (HSG) analyzed High-Frequency Trading with
   Swiss Blue Chips
   >

HSG analysed Trading activity with Swiss Blue Chips

Results of the independent research cooperation presented.

   Campus
   11/27/18
   Get Connected
   >

"Get Connected"

The mentoring meeting of the LGBTQ* student associations of the ETH, UZH and
HSG. By student reporter Sascha Duric.

   Background
   11/26/18
   Career paths after the doctorate
   >

Career with a doctor’s degree

An academic career or private industry – what career paths are there with a
doctor’s degree? By Dana Sindermann.

   Events
   11/23/18
   Post-its: TEDxHSG 2018: «Note to Self»
   >

TEDxHSG 2018: "Note to Self"

Twelve people from all walks of life will talk about the defining moments of
their lives.

   Campus
   10/30/18

Advisory Committee supports Platztor Campus

   The Advisory Committee is supporting the planned Platztor Campus site
   of the University of St.Gallen and the construction plans amounting to
   207 million francs. The Platztor Campus site will enable the
   sustainable development of the University of St.Gallen and create
   urgently needed teaching and research facilities for basic education.
   Damian Borth in "Forbes"
   09/20/18
   It’s not just about money in AI research – we have the ability to do
   something good.
   Events
   10/29/18
   KMU Day 2018
   >

SME Day: Success requires bold decisions

"SMEs and decisions – What (really) counts in everyday life" was the title of
the Swiss SME Day. Seven speakers examined decision-making cultures from a
range of perspectives.

   Campus
   08/27/18
   Visualisation Campus Platztor
   >

A second campus for the HSG

The cantonal government has adopted the dispatch about the construction of
the Platztor campus for the University of St.Gallen (HSG).

   Campus
   08/29/18
   App
   >

Newly launched art app “Art@HSG”

The University of St.Gallen (HSG) has an impressive collection of modern art
that is open to the public and can now also be discovered with an art app.

   Research
   06/10/18
   Vote: Yes to Joint Medical Master
   >

Yes to Joint Medical Master

Voters of the Canton of St.Gallen have voted 86.03 percent in favour of
medical training at St.Gallen.

   People
   05/28/18
   Photo: Philip Roth, Copyright: Keystone/AP/ DOUGLAS HEALEY
   >

"Nobody beloved gets out alive" – In Honor of Philip Roth

Born in 1933 in Newark, New Jersey, Philip Roth became one of America’s most
important writers. He died at the age of eighty-five in New York, the city
towering over his beloved home-town which he enshrined in many of his
thirty-one books. By Claudia Brühwiler.

   Videos
   09/11/19
   Video: Researchers at HSG and ETH Zurich have developed an app which
   should help with chronic diseases such as obesity and depression.

Digital pills against modern widespread diseases

Videos

   Video: Researchers at HSG and ETH Zurich have developed an app which
   should help with chronic diseases such as obesity and depression.

Digital pills against modern widespread diseases

   Approximately 80 percent of health expenditure is due to chronic
   diseases, which in turn are often attributable to an unhealthy
   lifestyle. Researchers at the HSG and ETH Zurich want to tackle this
   problem with digital helpers. A video clip from the current issue of
   "HSG Focus" on the topic of "Health". (in German)
   Academic GIFts: What is crowdsourcing? And when is it most effective?

Academic GIFts: What is crowdsourcing?

   Crowdsourcing works best in collaborativ settings - with collaborative
   crowds. In other settings, such as crowdsourcing competitions,
   individuals become less creative over time. This is shown in a study by
   Ivo Blohm, Assistant Professor for Data Science and Management at the
   Institute of Information Management (IWI-HSG).
   Judith Walls

Which leaders make companies more sustainable? An interview with Judith
Walls.

   What traits and characteristics can we look for in leaders that
   indicate that they will move their companies towards better social and
   environmental performance? An interview with Judith Walls, Chair for
   Sustainability Management of the Institute for Economy and the
   Environment (IWÖ-HSG).
   Academic GIFts: On Globalisation and the Concentration of Talent

Academic GIFts: Globalisation and the Concentration of Talent

   Globalisation facilitates the flows of capital, goods, and ideas and it
   provides firms with access to new markets. Yet, the benefits from
   globalisation are not distributed equally. How do these imbalances feed
   back into the allocation of talent across competing teams? A research
   project by Ulrich Schetter (Swiss Institute for International Economics
   and Applied Economic Research at the HSG) and Oriol Tejada (ETH Zurich)
   provides answers to these questions.
   REMforum 2019

#REMforum 2019

   Resistance to wind turbines or prejudices about e-mobility: In the
   polarised public debate about climate change and renewable energies,
   emotions play a major role. At the 10th St.Gallen Forum for Management
   of Renewable Energy, more than 150 international experts discussed
   current challenges, solutions and new business opportunities in the
   energy sector.
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Impact of oil pollution on child mortality in
   Nigeria. Video interview with Prof. Dr. Roland Hodler.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Effects of oil spills on neonatal mortality in Nigeria

   Nigeria is the largest oil producer in Africa. The country has been
   suffering from pollution from the oil industry for decades. To date,
   however, there are hardly any scientific studies that investigate the
   effects of oil accidents on the health of local people. A study carried
   out by Prof. Dr. Roland Hodler at the University of St.Gallen closes
   this gap by investigating the effects of oil spills on neonatal and
   infant mortality. (in German)
   HSG Impact Award 2019. Video interview with Prof. Dr. Stephan Böhm and
   others.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Job retention and mental illness

   Mental illness is often associated with inability to work and often
   with early retirement. The "Center for Disability and Integration" at
   the University of St.Gallen under the direction of Professor Stephan
   Böhm was involved in a multi-year research project on behalf of the
   SVA, which developed concrete solutions for job retention. At the
   centre: training courses for managers who support those affected. (in
   German)
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Data-based platform for sustainable mobility.
   Video interview with Prof. Dr. Felix Wortmann and others.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Data-based platform for sustainable mobility

   Safe and fuel efficient mobility are two core topics of a research
   project by Prof. Dr. Felix Wortmann and the ITEM-HSG. How can drivers
   be specifically warned of dangerous accident sites? How can fuel
   consumption information be presented in such a way that it leads to
   changes in driving behaviour? And what possibilities does the platform
   offer the health sector? (in German)
   Videointerview: Martin Kolmar on "consumption"

Martin Kolmar: "The comfortable life is not the good life"

   Prof. Dr. Martin Kolmar compares our consumption to a never ending
   story. What stands at the end of our consumption? Which neuroscientific
   aspects are associated with consumption? And what did the old virtues
   teach us? A video interview. (in German)
   Marie Ringler on social entrpreneurs. A video interview on the occasion
   of the 49th St.Gallen Symposiums

Marie Ringler on social entrepreneurs

   Marie Ringler, Europe Leader of the American non-profit organisation
   "Ashoka", on entrepreneurs who are committed to solving social and
   societal problems. A video interview on the occasion of the 49th
   St.Gallen Symposium. (in German)
   #2minutes: Maël Schnegg on the Landscape Monitor

#2minutes: Maël Schnegg on the "Landscape Monitor"

   Disruption is on everyone's lips. New technologies but also rapid
   social change can quickly become a disaster for many companies and
   their established business models. This makes it more important for
   companies to systematically monitor their own environment in order to
   identify threatening trends at an early stage. But what is the best way
   to do this? Dr. Maël Schnegg from the Institute for Accounting and
   Controlling at the HSG has helped to develop a tool for this challenge.
   Zilla Leutenegger on "Staircase: Lonely at the top". An art interview.

Zilla Leutenegger on "Staircase: Lonely at the top"

   The Swiss artist Zilla Leutenegger on her work "Staircase: Lonely at
   the top", her art concept and the sgraffito technique used for the
   first time in her work. An art interview. (in German)
   #2minutes: Matthias Weber on monetary policy and economic integration
   in currency unions

#2minutes: Matthias Weber on economic integration in currency unions

   "Economic integration is of crucial importance for the monetary union.
   To function well, the countries have to trade a lot with each other."
   An interview with Matthias Weber, Assistant Professor of Finance at the
   Swiss Institute of Banking and Finance at the University of St.Gallen
   (s/bf-HSG).
   Tony Cragg on art and sculpture. A video interview.

Tony Cragg on art and sculpture

   "The most human thing in the world is art." Tony Cragg on the essence
   of sculpture, on form and material, and sculptures as radical political
   attitude. An art interview. (in German)
   Josh Hsueh

#2minutes: Josh Hsueh on the effects of family business on entrepreneurs

   What is the influence of family business background on next-generation
   entrepreneurship? An interview with Josh Hsueh, Ph.D., post-doctoral
   researcher at the Center for Family Business at the University of
   St.Gallen.
   Andreas Krafft on the Hope Barometer

#2minutes: Andreas Krafft on the Swiss Hope-Barometer

   What do the Swiss hope for? How satisfied are they and what are their
   expectations for the future? An interview with Dr. Andreas Krafft,
   Research Associate for Future Studies at the Institute for Systemic
   Management and Public Governance (IMP-HSG) and board member of
   "swissfuture" of the Swiss Association for Futures Studies. (in German)
   Academic GIFts: Trooper's blunder or who is liable for self-driving
   cars?

Academic GIFts: Who is liable for self-driving cars?

   To err is technical: Even autonomous cars can cause accidents. Who has
   to answer for the damage caused by the the vehicle "Trooper" in a
   careless moment? Melinda Lohmann, Assistant Professor of Business Law
   with special emphasis of Information Law, explains the case from the
   perspective of European law.
   Video interview: Felix Lehner on the artist Hans Josephsohn

Felix Lehner on the artist Hans Josephsohn

   Felix Lehner, founder and managing director of Kunstgiesserei St.Gallen
   and Galerie Felix Lehner AG, on the artist Hans Josephsohn. Which
   sculptural and artistic questions have occupied Josephsohn throughout
   his life? What is so special about his work "Standing Figure, Untitled,
   1962", which can be seen at the University of St.Gallen? And how
   important is the "counterpart" in all his works? (in German)
   Video interview: Franz Schultheis on the inhabitants of the art world

Franz Schultheis on the inhabitants of the art world

   Franz Schultheis on the inhabitants of the art world, heterogeneous
   paths into the art world and the laws of the art market. What roles do
   social and cultural capital play and what characterizes Art
   Entrepreneurs? (in German)
   Damian Borth on the new AI research at the HSG

#2minutes: Damian Borth on the new AI research at the HSG

   The HSG becomes a research center for artificial intelligence. It is
   the first Swiss university to receive an NVIDIA supercomputer. Damian
   Borth, Professor of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning at the
   University of St.Gallen, talks about the "DGX-2" and its potential for
   research. (English subtitles)
   Wolfgang Jenewein on "positive leadership". A video interview.

Wolfgang Jenewein on "positive leadership"

   Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Jenewein on "Empowerment" and "Positive Leadership".
   Why do traditional leadership methods no longer work? How important are
   empathy and communication for leaders and the ability "to see people
   and to recognize their individuality"? A video interview. (in German)
   Academic GIFts: Why do we punish criminals?

Academic GIFts: Why do we punish criminals?

   The criminal punishment of wrongdoers is as old as human kind itself.
   But why do we punish people? And does it work? This question is
   addressed by Nora Markwalder, Assistant Professor of Criminal Law at
   the Law School of the University of St.Gallen (LS-HSG).
   Prof. Ross Koppel in a video interview

Health Information Technology

   The American sociologist Ross Koppel on the use of information
   technologies in clinics, necessary workarounds of doctors when using
   them and the possibilities of Big Data and Artificial Intelligence.
   Ronald C. Arkin on Robots. A video interview.

Ronald C. Arkin on "Robots"

   The American roboticist and roboethicist Ronald C. Arkin on the
   possibilities of robotics, artificial intelligence and robot
   companions. Which ethical questions follow here and why is it necessary
   to deal in a responsible way with the programming and pretensioning of
   emotions in robots? A video interview on the occasion of the 48th
   St.Gallen Symposium.
   Miriam Meckel on Media X.0

Miriam Meckel on Media X.0

   Miriam Meckel on trust and credibility, changes in the media landscape
   and new formats such as live journalism. What challenges will
   publishers and journalists face in the coming years? Which journalistic
   forms will prevail and what are the possibilities of virtual reality
   journalism and automated journalism? (in German)
   Knowledge Bank: Reinhard Jung on Blockchain

Knowledge Bank: Reinhard Jung on Blockchain

   Prof. Dr. Reinhard Jung on classical transactions and the distributed
   ledger technology "blockchain". What is a "blockchain" and how does the
   decentralized accounting system work, that is necessary e.g. for the
   crypto currency bitcoin? How secure is this technology and what
   influence do blockchains have on our economic system? (in German)
   Video interview: Sou Fujimoto on his project "Open Grid", the Learning
   Center at the University of St.Gallen

Learning Center: Sou Fujimoto on «Open Grid – Choices of Tomorrow»

   Architects Sou Fujimoto and Marie de France talk about their project
   "Open Grid", the new Learning Center at the University of St.Gallen.
   How does the building fit into its surroundings? What are the project's
   focal points and which aspects are decisive for a modern learning
   environment that embraces the digital future?
   Knowledge Bank: Christoph Aymanns on Bitcoin

Knowledge Bank: Christoph Aymanns on Bitcoin

   Prof. Dr. Christoph Aymanns on the Bitcoin boom of the last couple of
   months. What characterizes the crypto currency? How can it be used and
   what could the future of the crypto currency look like?
   Tomas Casas on the rise of both Amazon and Alibaba

Clash of Titans: Alibaba vs Amazon. By Tomas Casas

   Tomas Casas, the director oft he China Competence Center at the
   University of St.Gallen, takes a look at the rise of both Amazon and
   Alibaba.
   Knowledge Bank: Marcus Schögel on "Omni-Channel Management", video

Knowledge Bank: Marcus Schögel on "Omni-Channel Management" (in German)

   In the last few years, companies have increasingly combined stationary
   and online sales. Marcus Schögel, Associate Professor and Permanent
   Lecturer of Management with special focus on Marketing (IfM-HSG), on
   opportunities and challenges of Omni-Channel Management. (in German)
   Knowledge Bank: Thomas Zellweger on family business succession

Knowledge Bank: Thomas Zellweger on "family business succession"

   Succession is one of the biggest challenges facing an entrepreneur,
   particularly in the context of family businesses. Thomas Zellweger,
   Professor of Business Administration with specialisation in Family
   Business, KMU-HSG and CFB-HSG, explains different forms of succession
   and why businesses should follow a six-step-process.
   Guido Cozzi on the Horizon 2020 project "MONROE"

Guido Cozzi on the Horizon 2020 project "MONROE"

   Guido Cozzi, Ph.D., on the Horizon 2020 Project "MONROE" which focuses
   on a mathematical model for research and innovation policies. The model
   will allow policy makers to forecast the effects of their choices on
   the macro-economy in general and on society. Guido Cozzi is Professor
   of Macroeconomics at the School of Economics and Political Science
   (SEPS-HSG).
   Tony Schwartz on Donald Trump

Tony Schwartz on Donald Trump

   "Donald Trump is an empty vessel, he is a black hole. He spent his
   whole life trying to fill that hole. That's the essence of Donald
   Trump." An interview with Tony Schwartz, Ghostwriter of Donald Trump's
   book "The Art of the Deal" and CEO of "The Energy Project", at the St.
   Gallen Symposium 2017.
   Marcus Schögel on Sharing Economy

Marcus Schögel on "Sharing Economy"

   Sharing goods, sharing resources: This is the basic idea of the
   "sharing economy". Prof. Dr. Marcus Schögel about the different models
   of sharing economy, new economisation approaches and legal issues that
   are related to the new business models. (in German)
   Further video interviews
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture French language and literature

6.15 - 7-45 p.m., HSG 09-110

   Speaker
   Dr. Danielle Dahan-Feucht
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture City and region of St.Gallen – history of art

6.15 - 7.45 p.m., HSG 01-011

   Modern art in public spaces in the 1950s/1960s: HANS ARP
   Speaker
   Dr. Simona Martinoli and Dr. Roland Scotti
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture Swiss literature

6.15 - 7.45 p.m., Raum für Literatur, Postgebäude am Bahnhof St. Gallen

   The significance of repressed history/stories: for the author, people
   at large and Switzerland
   Speaker
   Eveline Hasler
   THU
   26
   SEP
   Public lectures

Lecture Economics

6.15 - 7.45 p.m., HSG 01-111

   Modern labour market economics
   Speaker
   Professor Dr. Anthony Strittmatter
   Further Events

Accreditations

   AACSB Logo EQUIS

Member of

   Logo CEMS Logo PIM Logo APSIA Logo gbsn

   © Copyright 2019 University
   of St.Gallen Switzerland · General
   legal information · Privacy Policy

   Dufourstrasse 50
   CH-9000 St.Gallen
   Tel +41 71 224 21 11
   Fax +41 71 224 28 16

   University of St.Gallen - School
   of Management, Economics,
   Law, Social Sciences and
   International Affairs (HSG)

   From insight to impact

   Navigation
     * Search
     * Language
       Deutsch
       English
     * Login
     * EN-Social Media, Newsletter
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + YouTube
          + Instagram
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          + Flickr
          + HSG Focus
          + HSG Publishing
          + HSG RSS News
     * EN-Universität spezifische Links
          + Sitemap
          + Intranet employees
          + Studentweb
          + Contact
          + E-Mail
          + Newsletter

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * Studying
     * Executive Education
     * Research
     * Knowledge
     * University

     * News
     * Why HSG
     * Information
     * Bachelor
     * Master
     * Admission
     * Exchange programmes
     * Lectures

     * Welcome
     * About the HSG
     * Your studies – your commitment
     * Rankings & accreditations
     * International network
     * Our faculty
     * Attractive professional opportunities
     * Contextual Studies

     * Areas of Concentration
     * Contextual Studies at the HSG
     * Skills and Languages
     * Team

     * Brochures
     * Open Days
     * Campus tours
     * Fairs
     * International students
     * Counselling
     * Newsletter
     * Life in St.Gallen
     * Financing your studies
     * Career Services
     * Dates
     * Fees

     * For secondary school graduates
     * “Taster” day for prospective law students
     * Masters' Open Day

     * Education fairs in Switzerland
     * Education fairs in Europe
     * Education fairs in Asia
     * Education fairs in Latin America

     * The HSG campus
     * Housing

     * Hotels in St.Gallen

     * Loans and scholarships
     * Funding options
     * Living costs

     * HSG funds
     * Scholarship Directories

     * Exchange semester
     * Excellence Scholarships
     * Tuition fees

     * Employment
     * Funding Finder

     * Services for International Students

     * General information
     * Assessment Year
     * Major in Business Administration
     * Major in Economics
     * Major in International Affairs
     * Major in Law
     * Major in Law and Economics
     * Additional Qualification Programmes
     * Bachelor's exchanges

     * HSG-Kick-off-Days
     * Examination system
     * Contextual Studies
     * Bachelor's thesis
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Mentoring Programme
     * HSG Bachelor Graduation Days

     * The mentoring principle
     * Roles and responsibilities
     * Mentoring process
     * Benefit of the mentoring
     * Applying as a student
     * Registering as a mentor
     * Terms and conditions

     * Initial requirements
     * Freshers' Week
     * Curriculum
     * Examinations
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Optional courses
     * Coaching Programme
     * Contact details Assessment Year

     * Initial requirements for foreign languages
     * Initial requirements for mathematics

     * Concept and objective
     * Case study
     * Schedule of the week
     * Organisational matters
     * Documentation team
     * Partners
     * People behind the Freshers' Week
     * Previous Freshers’ Weeks

     * Keynote speakers and members of the judging panel
     * Other participants

     * Freshers' Week 2018
     * Freshers' Weeks 2016 and 2017
     * Freshers' Weeks 2014 and 2015
     * Freshers' Weeks 2012 and 2013

     * Business Administration
     * Economics
     * Law
     * Core Electives of the Specialisations
     * Contextual Studies
     * Accountancy

     * Autumn Semester
     * Spring Semester

     * Autumn Semester
     * Spring Semester

     * Autumn Semester
     * Spring Semester

     * Measures for foreign-language students

     * Introductory Course in Mathematics
     * InfoTools
     * Conversation classes
     * Mathematical Tutorials
     * Law for foreign students

     * Fact sheet
     * Why Business Administration
     * Student Profile
     * Curriculum
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core and Independent Electives

     * Why Major Economics?
     * Curriculum
     * What next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Independent Electives
     * Specialisation
     * Faculty

     * Fact sheet
     * Why BIA?
     * Student Profile
     * Prospects
     * Curriculum
     * Exchange
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core electives
     * NMUN
     * Practice Credits

     * Business Education
     * DataScienceFundamentals
     * Shortcut DSF von DE auf EN

     * Application procedure regulations
     * Philosophy of the Program and Requirements
     * Elective courses
     * Info events
     * Objectives of the Program
     * Testimonials
     * DSF Team
     * Impressions Bootcamp

     * General information
     * Business Innovation
     * Marketing Management
     * Accounting and Finance
     * Strategy and International Management
     * Business Management
     * Management, Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
     * Banking and Finance
     * Economics
     * Quantitative Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Governance
     * International Law
     * Law
     * Law and Economics
     * Joint Medical Master in St.Gallen
     * CEMS MIM
     * Double degree
     * Additional Qualification Programmes
     * Master's Level exchanges

     * Mentoring Programme
     * Examination system
     * Contextual Studies
     * Campus credits
     * Practice credits
     * Master's thesis
     * HSG Kick-off Days
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Master Licentiate equivalency
     * HSG Master Graduation Days

     * The mentoring principle
     * Roles and responsibilities
     * Mentoring process
     * Benefit of the mentoring
     * Applying as a student
     * Registering as a mentor
     * Terms and conditions

     * Spring Semester Kick-off Day
     * Autumn Semester Kick-off Days

     * Fact sheet
     * Why MiMM
     * Student profile
     * Career perspectives
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Partners
     * Contact

     * Compulsory subjects
     * Core electives

     * Fact sheet
     * Why MAccFin
     * Student profile
     * Career outlook
     * Curriculum
     * Preferred Partnership
     * Exchange
     * True and fair view

     * Compulsory subjects
     * Core electives

     * KPMG
     * ZEB
     * EY
     * Lonza
     * Procter & Gamble

     * Fact Sheet
     * Why SIM
     * Career Outlook
     * SIM Curriculum
     * Financing SIM Studies
     * Study Abroad
     * SIM Community
     * Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
     * Contact
     * SIM Programme Brochure Order

     * SIM Core Courses
     * SIM Core Electives
     * SIM in Practice
     * Learning Methodology

     * SIM Students
     * SIM Faculty
     * Corporate Partners

     * Fact Sheet
     * Why MBF
     * Student Profile
     * Curriculum
     * Career Outlook
     * Financing and Fellowships
     * Faculty
     * Corporate Partners
     * Global Network Partners
     * Integration Days
     * Alumni
     * Women in MBF
     * Frequently Asked Questions
     * Contact

     * Compulsory subjects
     * Core electives
     * International courses
     * Research seminars
     * Independent Electives
     * Master's Thesis
     * Practice Credits

     * Why MEcon?
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree Programmes (DDP)
     * MEcon, what next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * FAQs
     * Partner
     * Contact

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Specialisation Areas
     * Practice Credits
     * Practice Project: HSG Next Generation
     * Faculty

     * Career Day for Economists

     * Why MiQE/F?
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree Programmes (DDP)
     * MiQE/F, what Next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * FAQs

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Practice Credits
     * Practice Project: HSG Next Generation
     * Faculty

     * Why MIA?
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree Programmes
     * MIA, what next?
     * Fact Sheet
     * FAQs

     * Compulsory Subjects
     * Core Electives
     * Practice Credits
     * Faculty

     * DDP with Sciences Po
     * DDP with The Fletcher School
     * DDP with Yonsei GSIS
     * DDP with Universidad Los Andes

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * Admission and Application
     * Curriculum

     * MIA Alumni

     * Factsheet
     * Why MIL
     * Student Profile
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Career Perspectives
     * Partnerships
     * FAQ
     * Contact

     * Why CEMS MIM
     * Fact Sheet
     * Network
     * Testimonials
     * Curriculum
     * Selection
     * Contact

     * CEMS Block Seminar

     * DM2 Europe
     * SSE double degree
     * FGV-EAESP in Brazil
     * SIM double degree
     * MIA double degree
     * MIL double degree

     * Business Education
     * Certificate in Business Journalism

     * Admission to a Bachelor's programme
     * Admission to a Master's programme
     * Admission to a Ph.D. programme
     * Admission to Additional Qualification Programmes
     * Entry to Switzerland
     * Application
     * Online application deadlines
     * Rematriculation
     * Team

     * HSG admission test
     * Admission to a second Bachelor's degree

     * Business Innovation
     * Marketing Management
     * Business Management
     * Accounting and Finance
     * Banking and Finance
     * Strategy and International Management
     * Management, Organization Studies and Cultural Theory
     * Economics
     * Quantitative Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Governance
     * International Law
     * Law
     * Law and Economics

     * Ph.D. in Management
     * Ph.D. in Economics and Finance
     * Ph.D. in International Affairs and Political Economy
     * Ph.D. in Organisation Studies and Cultural Theory
     * Ph.D. in Law
     * Ph.D. in Finance

     * Business Education I
     * Business Education II
     * Certificate in Business Journalism
     * Certificate in Data Science Fundamentals

     * Application Rematriculation

     * Incoming Guest Students
     * Outgoing HSG Students
     * Housing
     * Contact

     * Partner university exchange Bachelor and Master
     * ISP-MBA
     * Management in Europe
     * CEMS MIM
     * THEMIS
     * Swiss Mobility
     * Freemover
     * ESKAS - Swiss Government Excellence Scholarships
     * GSERM - Global School in Empirical Research Methods
     * Guest auditors and individual course participation

     * Bachelor - Partner university exchange
     * Bachelor - HSG Asia Term
     * Bachelor - HSG Latam Term
     * Bachelor - Swiss Mobility
     * Bachelor - Freemover
     * Master - Partner university exchange
     * Master - THEMIS
     * Master - Swiss Mobility
     * Master - Freemover

     * Student accommodations
     * Report a housing problem

     * Brühlbleichestrasse 11
     * Holzstrasse 11
     * Langgasse 49
     * Paradiesstrasse 11
     * Rosenbergstrasse 55
     * Rosenbergstrasse 6
     * Rosenbergstrasse 74
     * Ruhsitzstrasse 22
     * Stueckelbergstrasse 5
     * Wassergasse 47

     * Faculty
     * Course directories

     * According to functions
     * According to names

     * Spring Semester 2020 (provisional)
     * Autumn Semester 2019
     * Spring Semester 2019
     * Autumn Semester 2018

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * According to dates
     * According to faculty
     * According to programmes
     * Courses in English
     * Courses NOW
     * Search

     * MBA
     * Executive MBA
     * Programme Finder
     * Customized Programmes

     * Research at the HSG
     * Centers and Cooperations
     * Ph.D.
     * Research Promotion
     * Workshops and events for new Professors
     * Promotion of young scientists
     * Alexandria
     * Services
     * Open Facutly Positions
     * Faculty Development Leadership Pro

     * Vision and research
     * Vice-President's Board (Research)
     * Research Committee
     * Ethics Committee
     * Who is researching what?
     * HSG funding institutions
     * Funding institutions outside the HSG

     * Members

     * Members

     * Global Centers
     * Centres
     * Research Cooperations

     * «Global Center for Customer Insight»
     * «Global Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation»

     * Research partners in industry

     * BMW Group
     * Bosch IoT Lab
     * Hilti Lab
     * SBB Lab

     * Research areas
     * Recruiting

     * Research areas
     * Recruiting

     * Aktuelle Forschungsthemen
     * Nachwuchsförderung

     * General information
     * Management
     * Finance
     * Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Political Economy
     * Law
     * Organization Studies and Cultural Theory

     * HSG-Kick-off-Days
     * PhD Office
     * Structure of Ph.D. studies
     * Types of doctoral theses
     * Legal basis, fact sheets
     * Dates and fees
     * Mentoring Programme

     * Supervison of a Thesis
     * External Co-Supervisors

     * Coursework
     * Research stage

     * The mentoring principle
     * Roles and responsibilities
     * Mentoring process
     * Benefit of the mentoring
     * Applying as a student
     * Registering as a mentor
     * Terms and conditions

     * Accounting
     * Business Innovation
     * General Management
     * Marketing
     * Method and subject matter courses

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Admission
     * Placements
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * FAQ
     * Students

     * Coursework Stage
     * Research Stage

     * Compulsory Courses
     * Core Electives
     * Research Proposal

     * Professors
     * Associate Professors
     * Assistant Professors

     * Why PEF?
     * Admission and Regulations
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Job Market Candidates
     * Students and Alumni
     * FAQ
     * Factsheet
     * Contact

     * Why DIA?
     * Admission and Regulations
     * Curriculum
     * Faculty
     * Alumni
     * Contact

     * Curriculum
     * DOK Faculty
     * PhD Students
     * Admission
     * Career paths
     * Contact

     * Coursework stage
     * Thesis stage
     * Course planning

     * Projects
     * Career
     * Latest Calls and Deadlines
     * Science communication
     * European research

     * GFF Start-up financing
     * GFF Project funding

     * International Postdoctoral Fellowships
     * Doc.CH (HSS)
     * SNSF Mobility Fellowships
     * Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions (MSCA)

     * Publication Fund
     * Research Panel Fund
     * Congress Subsidies

     * EU projects in Switzerland
     * EU Projects at the HSG
     * EU Framework Programme for Research and Innovation
     * HSG applicants
     * Events
     * Other EU research programmes
     * Evaluators

     * Seeking partners

     * Global School in Empirical Research Methods
     * Young Investigator Programme
     * PhD Writing Groups

     * Offers and Services at a Glance
     * Reflection, Orientation, Clarification
     * Discover
     * Commit
     * Accelerate

     * Reflect on your decision to pursue a Doctoral Thesis
     * Build your community at the HSG
     * Find a mentor
     * Develop your speaking and presentation skills
     * Build an international network
     * Train in creative and visual thinking

     * Academic integrity: Learn what that means
     * Actively focus on defining your career goals
     * Inform yourself early eough about funding opportunities
     * Work on your communication skills
     * Manage your research data
     * Network with your peers

     * Fine-tune your profile as an academic
     * Considering a career as a professor?
     * Develop your teaching skills
     * Get involved by joining HSG committees
     * Launch projects with your own team
     * Learn how to communicate professionally in the media
     * Expand your international network

     * Point of contact
     * Data and Method Consulting

     * Consultancy for empirical economic- and social research

     * Faculty

     * Newsroom
     * Events
     * HSG Focus
     * Blogs
     * Publications
     * Animated Research
     * Knowledge Bank
     * Term of the month

     * Special topic: HSG History Lesson
     * Special topic: 2019 Swiss Elections
     * Special topic Bitcoin & Co
     * Special topic Entrepreneurship
     * All special topics

     * Regular events

     * Agenda
     * Dies academicus
     * HSG Graduation Days
     * PhD Award Ceremony
     * The HSG Freshers’ Week
     * HSG Kick-off Days

     * Publication archive

     * Academic GIFts
     * Little Green Bags

     * About us
     * Library
     * Visitors
     * Institutes
     * Schools
     * Press
     * Support HSG
     * Alumni
     * Working
     * Services

     * Vision
     * Portrait
     * Structure
     * Networks
     * HSG extension

     * HSG Roadmap 2025
     * Our brand
     * Policy Statement on Responsibility & Sustainability 2016

     * President’s welcome message
     * The HSG in figures
     * History
     * Quality development
     * Rankings and accreditations
     * HSG Entrepreneurship
     * HSG Sustainability
     * Equal Opportunities and Diversity
     * Informational materials

     * Student statistics
     * Facts Research
     * Facts «Community»
     * Facts international and regional
     * Financial Power

     * HSG chronology to 1975
     * Honorary Doctors of the HSG
     * HSG chronology from 1976
     * President´s Boards

     * Eduard-Otto-Schulze
     * Karl-Buerke
     * Paul-Oettli
     * Robert-Debes
     * Walther-Hug
     * Theo-Keller
     * Wolfhart-F-Buergi
     * Walter-Adolf-Joehr
     * Otto-K-Kaufmann
     * Francesco-Kneschaurek
     * Willi-Geiger
     * Hans-Siegwart
     * Alfred-Meier
     * Alois-Riklin
     * Rolf-Dubs
     * Georges-Fischer
     * Peter-Gomez
     * Ernst-Mohr
     * Thomas-Bieger

     * Course evaluation

     * Ranking results
     * Accreditations and Audits

     * Board of Governors
     * Senate
     * President's Board
     * Vice-President's Board (Studies & Academic Affairs)
     * Vice-President's Board (Research & Faculty)
     * Vice-President's Board (External Relations)
     * Vice-President's Board (Planning & Development)
     * Non-tenured faculty
     * Advisory Board 2007-2020
     * Honorary Senators
     * Student Union
     * Appellate bodies
     * Schools
     * University administration

     * The President’s Delegates

     * 2015-2017: Advisory Board
     * 2012-2014: Advisory Board
     * 2007-2010: Advisory Board

     * Appeal Committee

     * Decisions of the Appeal Committee (in German)

     * HSG hubs around the world
     * Partner universities
     * CEMS - The Global Alliance in Management Education
     * PIM - Partnership in International Management
     * APSIA - Association of Professional Schools of Int. Affairs
     * GBSN - Global Business School Network
     * GRLI – Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative
     * PRME – United Nations Global Compact
     * Swissuniversities

     * Singapore
     * São Paulo

     * Services
     * Search and Find
     * About our library
     * Library News

     * Borrowing / User account
     * Courier and Interlibrary loan services
     * Purchase suggestions
     * Infrastructure
     * seatfinder
     * Support
     * Courses and Events
     * Speaking Wall / Social Media
     * Open Access
     * Research Data Management

     * Borrowing regulations
     * Regulations for Use
     * Fee regulations

     * Interlibrary loan order
     * Order form journal articles

     * Internet / Wifi / VPN
     * Study space in the Library
     * Printing, photocopying, scanning
     * Lockers
     * Cafeteria

     * About seatfinder

     * Speed Lectures
     * Course "All in one hour"
     * Course "Research, cite and write"
     * Course "Reference Management"
     * Course "Search & Find in Finance"
     * Course "Search & Find in Law"
     * Course "Search & Find in Business and Political Sciences"
     * Night of Writing Skills
     * The Library on WhatsApp

     * Open Access at the University of St.Gallen
     * Tools and instructions for authors
     * Open Access Support
     * Open Access Glossary

     * Relevant policies
     * Data management plan (DMP)
     * Data storage
     * RDM support at HSG

     * Information about Metasearch
     * Library catalogue
     * Databases
     * Journals
     * E-Books
     * Reference Management with Endnote
     * Instructions for citations
     * MediaScout (indoor navigation)
     * Journal / article rating

     * HSG Library Network
     * New acquisitions
     * Reserve collections

     * Reserve collections instructions

     * A - Z list of databases
     * Business & Economics
     * Law & Political Sciences
     * Social Sciences
     * Humanities
     * Computer & Information Science
     * HSG publications EDIS/EDOK/Alexandria
     * Reference works
     * Information about SFX
     * Search and Find Help
     * Text & Data Mining TDM

     * How to create a PDF/A file

     * Opening hours
     * Readings
     * Library FAQs
     * Facts and figures
     * Projects
     * History
     * Librarianship

     * Projects 2018
     * Projects 2017
     * Projects 2016
     * Projects 2015
     * EBSLG General Meeting 2015

     * Public lectures
     * Children’s University
     * Guided tour of the HSG
     * Guided art tours
     * InfoDesk
     * Directions
     * Conference venue
     * Emergency

     * Children’s University syllabus
     * Children’s University concept

     * Children's University Gallery

     * Gallery
     * Art interviews
     * Art Tellstrasse - art@tell

     * Art on Campus 2017
     * art@tell 2015
     * art@tell 2014
     * art@tell 2013
     * Media

     * art@tell 2015 - Photogallery

     * art@tell 2014 - Photogallery

     * Gallery – Art at Tell, Edition 2-2014

     * Contact
     * Campus map - Google MyMap
     * Opening hours

     * University
     * Executive Campus HSG
     * Campus-E
     * House Rules
     * Catering

     * Executive Campus catering
     * HSG campus restaurant & cafeteria

     * Locations & opening hours

     * Management
     * Finance
     * Economics and Political Science
     * Law
     * Humanities and Social Sciences

     * Aktuelles Veranstaltungen
     * About the SoM
     * Research Seminars
     * Global Centers
     * Research and publications
     * Degree courses and executive education
     * Job vacancies
     * Contact

     * Our mission
     * Dean
     * Faculty
     * Institutes, faculties and centres

     * Associate Professors
     * Full professors
     * Senior lecturers and adjunct professors
     * Assistant professors
     * Honorary Doctors of Economics

     * Global Center for Customer Insight
     * Global Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation

     * About the SoF
     * Teaching
     * Research
     * Job vacancies
     * Contact

     * Professors
     * Adjunct Professors
     * Assistant Professors
     * Honorary Doctor
     * Institutes
     * Resources

     * Bachelor
     * Master
     * Ph.D.
     * Executive Education

     * Publications
     * SoF Working Papers
     * Research seminar
     * PiF Seminar

     * Former Speakers

     * Seminars
     * Research
     * Degree Courses
     * About the SEPS
     * Contact

     * Brown Bag Seminar
     * Research Seminar Econ
     * Research Seminar Pol
     * Quantitative Methods Seminar

     * Discussion Papers
     * Rankings

     * SEPS Excellence in Teaching Award
     * Economics Master's Thesis Award
     * Newsletter "Economics@HSG"
     * Newsletter "International Affairs@HSG"

     * Faculty
     * Department of Economics
     * Department of Political Science
     * Institutes, faculties and centres

     * Professors
     * Permanent Lecturers and Associate Professors
     * Assistant Professors
     * Honorary Doctor of Economics
     * Honorary Doctor of Political Science
     * Guest Professors

     * Faculty
     * Activities
     * Economics @ HSG

     * Administrative Staff
     * Professors
     * Fellows and assistants
     * Activities

     * News
     * About the Law School
     * Publications
     * Teaching and further education
     * Job vacancies
     * Contacts

     * Chairs
     * Assistant Professors
     * Adjunct professors
     * Honorary Professors
     * Private Lecturers
     * Visiting Professors
     * External Professors
     * Emeriti
     * Honorary doctorates
     * Advisory Board
     * Structure
     * Institutes

     * Chair Bertschinger
     * Chair Fassbender
     * Chair Gschwend
     * Chair Hettich
     * Chair Mueller-Chen
     * Chair Roberto
     * Chair Schindler

     * Professor
     * Team and contact

     * Recent publications
     * Professor
     * List of Publications
     * Team and contact
     * Moot Court

     * Professor
     * Courses
     * Research

     * Prof. Müller-Chen
     * Team
     * Courses & Papers
     * Research
     * Executive Education

     * Research
     * Lecturers
     * Professor
     * Publications
     * Team

     * Assistant Professor Burri

     * Why study law at the University of St.Gallen?
     * Executive education

     * About SHSS
     * Supervision of BA- and MA-Theses
     * Gender- and Diversity-Commission SHSS
     * Contact

     * Chinese Culture and Society
     * German Language and Literature
     * English Studies
     * Gender and Diversity
     * History
     * Islamic Studies
     * Italian Culture and Society
     * Mediating Culture
     * Philosophy
     * Psychology
     * Russian Culture and Society
     * Sociology
     * South Asian Studies
     * Spanish Language and Literature
     * Transcultural Studies
     * Wirtschaftsethik

     * Professor Dr. Daria Berg
     * News
     * Staff
     * Teaching
     * PhD Programme
     * Research
     * Publications

     * Teaching
     * Research and publications
     * Staff
     * Staff DE

     * Andreas Härter
     * Carina Groener
     * Ulrike Landfester
     * Daniel Cuonz
     * Johannes Anderegg
     * Judith Michelmann

     * Teaching
     * Research
     * People

     * Teaching
     * Current Issues
     * Team GenderDiversity

     * Research
     * Teaching
     * Staff

     * Teaching
     * People

     * Teaching
     * Research and publications
     * News and events
     * Team

     * alle Vorlesungen

     * Research
     * Teaching

     * People
     * Teaching
     * Research and Publications
     * News and Events
     * Dewey-Center Switzerland

     * Teaching
     * Research

     * Teaching
     * Research and Publications
     * Team

     * Student-Centered Learning Lab
     * Research
     * Teaching
     * Lectures and seminars

     * Lecturers

     * Prof. Dr. Yvette Sánchez
     * Our Team
     * Research Projects supervised by Yvette Sánchez
     * Addresses and information

     * Curriculum Vitae
     * Research Projects and Fields of Research
     * University and Academic Committee Work
     * Organisation of Conference and Lecture Series
     * Publications
     * Lectures
     * Panels, Collaborations in Radio, TV and Print Media

     * Emeritus Prof. Dr. Gustav Siebenmann

     * Team

     * HSG Expert Service
     * Media Releases

     * Interviews via Globelynx camera

     * Supporting the University of St.Gallen
     * Office of Development
     * The HSG Foundation
     * Benefactors of the University of St.Gallen
     * Supporting HSG
     * Expression of gratitude
     * Contact

     * Current job vacancies
     * HSG as an employer
     * Welcome Services
     * Human Resources
     * Equal Opportunities
     * Living in St.Gallen

     * Jobs

     * A place of learning
     * Employees’ views
     * Conditions of employment
     * What the university offers

     * Work and residency
     * Contract of employment
     * Information for faculty

     * Getting started

     * Working at the HSG
     * Switzerland
     * St.Gallen
     * Before entry
     * After entry
     * Taxes & insurance
     * Family

     * Salary
     * Resources & Infrastructure
     * Administrative services
     * University and Research Development

     * Family & education allowances

     * Research assistants
     * Infrastructure contribution

     * Mobility
     * Media
     * Telephone / Internet

     * Greater Zurich Area
     * Lake Constance area

     * Work and residence permit
     * Living
     * Customs formalities

     * Types of residence permits

     * Banking
     * Family migration

     * Taxes
     * Social and pension insurance
     * Health insurance
     * General insurance

     * Tax return
     * Withholding tax
     * Anticipatory tax

     * Pillar 1 (AHV/IV)
     * Pillar 2 (BV)
     * Pillar 3 (Individual pensions)
     * Accident insurance
     * Income compensation (EO)

     * Childcare
     * School

     * Finding a school

     * Team
     * Address and directions

     * Tourist Information
     * Culture
     * Wining and dining
     * Hotels and accommodation
     * Housing market
     * Healthcare
     * Public transport

     * Sights
     * Theatre
     * Concerts
     * Museums

     * Advice
     * Companies
     * Sport
     * Language Center
     * Career & Corporate Services
     * HSG Shop
     * HSG newsletters
     * IT Services

     * Informatik
     * Advisory services

     * Dean's Advisory Office
     * Ph.D. Office
     * Admissions Office
     * Financing your studies
     * Student Mobility
     * Executive education counselling
     * Counselling and Psychological Services
     * Human Resources
     * Special Needs
     * Crèches
     * Equal Opportunities
     * Ombudsman’s Office
     * Whistleblowing Office
     * University Archives
     * Military Liaison Office
     * Pastoral Care
     * Quality development
     * Writing Lab
     * University of St.Gallen procurement guidelines

     * Legal basis
     * Advice
     * Compensation for disadvantages
     * Barrier-free University
     * Organisation & cooperation
     * Contacts

     * Committee for Gender Equality
     * Gender-Monitoring

     * Legal basis and voluntary commitment

     * Tasks & Duties
     * Use and contact
     * Publication archive

     * Writing Lab

     * Employee Training
     * Cooperation with the HSG

     * Sports program & registration
     * Sports facilities
     * About us
     * Special occasions and tournaments
     * Sportpartnerboerse
     * Admittance to UniSport
     * Clubs and associations

     * Feedback

     * Academic Athletics Association (AAA)
     * Our mission

     * Media

     * About the Language Center
     * Contextual Studies Language Courses
     * Intensive Courses and Workshops
     * SprachenImAssessment
     * Languages for Exchange Students
     * Language and Aptitude Tests
     * Intensive Preparation Courses
     * Conversation Courses
     * Self-Learning Center
     * Intensive Course German for Academic Studies
     * Intensive Course English for Academic Studies
     * Online Language Course Rosetta Stone®
     * Writing Lab
     * Translation & Proofreading

     * Management & Team
     * Lecturers
     * Directions to the Language Center
     * Events & Exhibitions

     * Panel Discussion - Prague Spring and Ota Šiks "The Third Way"

     * Academic Writing Skills in German

     * German Courses

     * Cambridge Exams (CAE & CPE)
     * External language certificate for Chinese (HSK)
     * DFP
     * GMAT®
     * IELTS
     * TEF
     * TOEFL® iBT
     * Other Certificates

     * Registration
     * On the Test Day
     * Score Reports
     * FAQs

     * Examination Dates and Registration
     * Checklist
     * Tips
     * FAQs

     * TOEFL Preparatory Course
     * GMAT Preparatory Course
     * IELTS Preparatory Course
     * Further Services for Preparation of various Tests

     * Registration for Course Participants
     * Information for Course Instructors

     * Introduction into the Arabic Language

     * Correction Service for TOEFL-Essays
     * FAQ

     * General Information
     * Rosetta Stone® Foundation
     * Rosetta Stone® Advantage

     * Registration for Rosetta Stone® Foundation
     * Starting Rosetta Stone®

     * HSG IT terms of use
     * Network Access
     * Password Service (PWS)
     * SWITCH edu-ID

     * AAI login conditions of use
     * Mail
     * UNISG Login Help

     * Hotspots
     * Virtual Private Network (VPN)
     * Eduroam
     * Gast Zugang

     * Eduroam FAQ

     * FAQ SWITCH edu-ID

   (BUTTON)
   Back
   #alternate alternate alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WWDW8S

   Zurück zur Startseite

     * Studieren
          + Aktuelles zum Studium
          + Darum HSG
               o Willkommen
               o Über die HSG
               o Ihr Studium – Ihr Engagement
               o Rankings & Akkreditierungen
               o Internationales Netzwerk
               o Unsere Dozierenden
               o Attraktive Berufschancen
               o Kontextstudium
          + Information
               o Broschüren
               o Informationstage
               o Campus Tours
               o Messen
               o Internationale Studierende
               o Beratung
               o Newsletter
               o Leben in St.Gallen
               o Studium finanzieren
               o Career Services
               o Termine
               o Gebühren
          + Bachelor
               o Allgemeine Informationen
               o Assessmentjahr
               o Major Betriebswirtschaftslehre
               o Major Volkswirtschaftslehre
               o Major International Affairs
               o Major Rechtswissenschaft
               o Major Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften
               o Zusatzqualifikationen
               o Austausch auf Bachelor-Stufe
          + Master
               o Allgemeine Informationen
               o Business Innovation
               o Marketing Management
               o Rechnungswesen und Finanzen
               o Strategy and International Management
               o Unternehmensführung
               o Management, Organisation und Kultur
               o Banking and Finance
               o Volkswirtschaftslehre
               o Quantitative Economics and Finance
               o International Affairs and Governance
               o International Law
               o Rechtswissenschaft
               o Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften
               o Joint Medical Master in St.Gallen
               o CEMS MIM
               o Doppelstudium
               o Zusatzqualifikationen
               o Austausch auf Master-Stufe
          + Zulassung
               o Zulassung Bachelor-Studium
               o Zulassung Master-Studium
               o Zulassung Doktoratsstudium
               o Zulassung Zusatzqualifikationen
               o Visum und Einreise
               o Anmeldung
               o Anmeldefristen Online Anmeldung
               o Reimmatrikulation
               o Team
          + Austauschprogramme
               o Incoming Gaststudierende
               o Outgoing HSG Studierende
               o The Housing Office
               o Kontakt
          + Vorlesungen
               o Lehrkoerper
               o Veranstaltungsverzeichnisse
     * Weiterbilden
          + MBA
          + Executive MBA
          + Programmübersicht
          + Customized Programmes
     * Forschen
          + Forschen an der HSG
               o Vision und Forschung
               o Prorektorat Forschung
               o Forschungskommission
               o Ethikkommission
               o Wer forscht was?
               o HSG-Förderinstitutionen
               o HSG-externe Förderinstitutionen
          + Centers und Kooperationen
               o Global Centers
               o Centers
               o Forschungskooperationen
          + Doktorat
               o Allgemeine Informationen
               o Betriebswirtschaftslehre
               o Finance
               o Economics and Finance
               o International Affairs and Political Economy
               o Rechtswissenschaft
               o Organisation und Kultur
          + Förderung
               o Projekte
               o Karriere
               o Aktuelle Ausschreibungen und Termine
               o Wissenschaftskommunikation
               o Europäische Forschung
          + Veranstaltungen für Professoren/innen
          + Nachwuchsförderung
               o Global School in Empirical Research Methods
               o Young Investigator Programme
               o PhD Schreibgruppen
          + Forschungsplattform Alexandria
          + Service
               o Ansprechpersonen
               o Daten- und Methodenberatung
          + Offene Professuren
     * Wissen
          + Newsroom
               o Themenschwerpunkt HSG-Geschichtsstunde
               o Erweiterung der Universität St.Gallen
               o Themenschwerpunkt Eidgenössische Wahlen 2019
               o Jahresbericht 2018-2019
               o Themenschwerpunkt Bitcoin & Co
               o Themenschwerpunkt Entrepreneurship
               o Alle Themenschwerpunkte
          + Veranstaltungen
               o Regelmässige Veranstaltungen
          + HSG Focus
          + Blogs
          + Publikationen
               o Fachpublikationen
               o Publikations-Archiv
          + Animierte Forschung
               o Academic GIFts
               o Little Green Bags
          + Wissensbank
          + Begriff des Monats
     * Universität
          + Über uns
               o Vision
               o Porträt
               o Strukturen
               o Netzwerke
               o HSG Erweiterung
          + Bibliothek
               o Dienstleistungen
               o Recherche
               o Über unsere Bibliothek
               o Bibliotheks-News
          + Besucher
               o Öffentliche Vorlesungen
               o Museumsnacht 2019
               o Kinder-Uni
               o HSG-Führung
               o Kunstführungen
               o Familientage Kronberg
               o Info Desk
               o Lageplan
               o Tagungsort
               o Notfall
          + Institute/Forschungsstellen
          + Schools
               o Management
               o Finance
               o Economics and Political Science
               o Law
               o Humanities and Social Sciences
          + Presse
               o HSG Expertenservice
               o Medienmitteilungen
          + Förderer
               o Engagement für die Gesellschaft
               o Stelle für Universitätsförderung
               o HSG Stiftung
               o Förderer der Universität St.Gallen
               o Fördern Sie unkompliziert
               o Danksagung
               o Kontakt
          + Alumni
          + Arbeiten an der HSG
               o Aktuelle Stellenangebote
               o Die HSG als Arbeitgeberin
               o Welcome Services
               o Human Resources
               o Chancengleichheit
               o Leben in St.Gallen
          + Services der HSG
               o Beratung
               o Unternehmen
               o Sport
               o Sprachenzentrum
               o Career & Corporate Services
               o HSG Shop
               o Newsletter der HSG
               o Informatik

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
     * Suche
     * Sprache
       Deutsch
       English
     * Login
     * Social Media, Newsletter
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + YouTube
          + Instagram
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          + Flickr
          + HSG Focus
          + HSG Publishing
          + HSG RSS News
     * Universität spezifische Links
          + Sitemap
          + Intranet Mitarbeitende
          + Studentweb
          + Kontakt
          + E-Mail
          + Newsletter

   Mobile Navigation

   Neue Ausgabe von HSG Focus erschienen

   In der neuen Ausgabe unseres digitalen Unimagazins dreht sich im
   Dossier alles um das Thema «Gesundheit».

   Öffentliche Vorlesungen im Herbstsemester

   Die Universität St.Gallen lädt die Bevölkerung im Herbstsemester 2019
   zu 36 öffentlichen Vorlesungsreihen ein.

   Eidgenössische Wahlen 2019

   In unserem Themenschwerpunkt analysieren HSG-Expertinnen und Experten
   aktuelle politische, wirtschaftliche und gesellschaftliche
   Entwicklungen in der Schweiz.

Direkteinstieg

     * Alumni
     * Bibliothek
     * Besucher
     * Compass
     * Förderer
     * Institute
     * Jobs
     * Nachhaltigkeit
     * Notfall
     * Öffentliches Programm
     * Presse
     * Schools
     * Sport
     * Start-ups
     * Studynet
     * Tagungsort
     * Unternehmen
     * Vorlesungen

   Die Inhalte werden vom Server geladen
   Für die von Ihnen gewählten Einstellungen konnten keine Inhalte
   gefunden werden.

   Veranstaltungen
   19.09.19
   Stadt mit Nachtlichtern
   >

Smart Government Day 2019

Eine aktuelle Studie zeigt wie Führungskräfte aus Politik und Verwaltung
«Smart Government» fördern können. Die Ergebnisse werden am Smart Government
Day am 24. September 2019 vorgestellt. Vitali Klitschko, Bürgermeister von
Kiew, hält einen Vortrag über die Smart City Kiew.

   Leute
   29.08.19
   Carla del Ponte im Gespräch mit Ignazio Cassis
   >

Carla Del Ponte wird für ihre Jagd nach Kriegsverbrechern ausgezeichnet

Carla del Ponte hat an der Universität St.Gallen den Erich Walser
Generationenpreis erhalten. Die Tessiner Juristin wird damit für ihre
Verdienste als Chefanklägerin der Kriegsverbrechen in Ex-Jugoslawien und
Ruanda ausgezeichnet.

   HSGStGallen
   0
   Prof. Dr. Matthias Weber auf «ökonomenstimme.org»
   19.08.19
   Die vorherrschenden niedrigen Zinsen bieten gerade für Deutschland
   große Chancen. Leider steht dem Nutzen dieser Chancen die
   Schuldenbremse im Weg...

   05.09.18
   Newsroom der Universität St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Zum Newsroom

Alle unsere News auf einen Blick.


   12.03.19
   Hauptgebaeude der Universitaet St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Compliance und Governance

   Simon Evenett über den Handelskrieg USA - China in der NZZ
   17.06.19
   Ein Handelskrieg ist in Bezug auf die Wirtschaft ein potenzieller
   Albtraum und eine Quelle der Zerstörung.

   05.09.18
   Aktuelles zum Studium
   >

Aktuelles zum Studium

   Campus
   09.09.19
   Studierende auf dem Weg ins Hauptgebaeude der Universitaet St.Gallen
   (HSG)
   >

Jahresmediengespräch mit Schwerpunkt «Lehre»

   Campus
   26.08.19
   Haupteingang der Universitaet St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

Stand Massnahmenplan Compliance

Die Universitätsleitung informiert über die weiteren Schritte des
Massnahmenplans.

   Forschung
   22.08.19
   Swiss Payment Monitor 2019
   >

Swiss Payment Monitor 2019

Kontaktloses oder mobiles Bezahlen erfreuen sich zunehmender Beliebtheit, wie
der aktuelle Swiss Payment Monitor 2019 zeigt.

   Forschung
   15.08.19
   Studie Langzeitpflege
   >

Ohne Reformen ist die Pflegefinanzierung gefährdet

In der Pflege braucht es neue Wege. Eine neue Studie des I.VW-HSG zeigt
Lösungsansätze.

   unistgallen
   0

   05.09.18
   Alle Veranstaltungen an der Universität St.Gallen; Bild Copyright:
   Fotalia / tatomm
   >

Zum Veranstaltungskalender

Alle unsere Veranstaltungen auf einen Blick.

   Meinungen
   12.07.19
   Mondlandung
   >

50 Jahre nach der Mondlandung

Was können wir heute von dieser historischen Mission lernen? Von Oliver
Gassmann.

   HSGUniStGallen
   0
   Campus
   06.08.19
   Politisches Engagement von HSG-Studierenden
   >

Warum HSG-Studierende politisch aktiv sind.

Von Studentenreporter Thomas Tarantini

   Forschung
   12.07.19
   Wald von oben; Europäische Versicherungen verfolgen klimafreundliche
   Anlagepolitik
   >

Klimafreundliche Anlagepolitik

Europäische Versicherungen investieren nicht mehr in CO2-emittierende
Branchen. Dies zeigt eine HSG-Studie.

   Meinungen
   07.06.19
   Miriam Meckel über algorithmische Demokratie
   >

Plädoyer für eine algorithmische Direktdemokratie

Ein Meinungsbeitrag von Miriam Meckel.

   Weitere Inhalte laden
   Hintergrund
   28.05.19

Warum Populismus und illiberale Politik anziehend wirken

   Der Rechtspopulismus hat auf beiden Seiten des Atlantiks zugenommen.
   Worin liegt seine Anziehungskraft begründet? Und was ist zu tun, um die
   Demokratie vor der Aushöhlung zu retten? Diesen Fragen widmete sich
   Professor Charles Kupchan in einem öffentlichen Vortrag an der HSG.
   Meinungen
   28.05.19
   Explainable AI
   >

Erklärbare KI: Einblick in die Black Boxes des Machine Learning

Von Siegfried Handschuh.

   Campus
   19.07.19
   Health Care
   >

Health Care gewinnt an Bedeutung

Von Studentenreporter Thomas Tarantini.

   Campus
   03.06.19
   235,5
   Der Wertschöpfungsbeitrag der Universität St.Gallen in der Region
   beträgt 235,5 Millionen Franken.
   Inforgraphik-Achse
   Forschung
   21.05.19
   ImpactAwards2019-2000x1125
   >

«HSG Impact Award 2019»

Auch in diesem Jahr zeichnete die Universität St.Gallen (HSG) drei
Forschungsprojekte aus, die eine besondere gesellschaftliche Wirkung erzielt
haben.

   Forschung
   24.05.19
   9. Kundenbarometer erneuerbare Energien
   >

Kundenbarometer erneuerbare Energien

Klimastreiks sind in aller Munde. Wie beurteilt die Bevölkerung die Proteste?
Diese und andere Fragen beantwortet der Kundenbarometer.

   Campus
   31.05.19
   8669
   An der Universität St.Gallen studieren 8669 Studierende.
   Infografik-Balken
   Forschung
   22.05.19
   GemeinwohlAtlas Deutschland 2019
   >

GemeinwohlAtlas Deutschland

Feuerwehr und das Technische Hilfswerk nehmen in der Gunst der deutschen
Bevölkerung die ersten Plätze ein. Erst auf Rang 30 folgt das erste
Unternehmen.

   Campus
   17.05.19
   HSG-Rektorat 2020 bis 2022
   >

HSG-Rektorat 2020 bis 2022 in vollständiger Besetzung

   Forschung
   13.05.19
   Edelmetall-Atlas – Schweizer legen gerne in Gold an
   >

Edelmetall-Atlas

Gold zählt zu den beliebtesten Anlageformen der Schweizerinnen und Schweizer.
Dies zeigt die jüngste Untersuchung des IRM-HSG.

   Campus
   29.04.19
   Koffer, Student Mobility
   >

Ab in den Austausch – doch wohin?

Ein Beitrag von Studentenreporter Niels Niemann.

   Veranstaltungen
   05.04.19

Medien: Das Rezept fürs Überleben heisst Qualität

   Die Medien stehen mitten in der digitalen Transformation. Was braucht
   es, um in der Zukunft zu bestehen? An einer Podiumsdiskussion zeigten
   sich Vertreter Schweizer Medienunternehmen zuversichtlich, dass die
   digitalen Möglichkeiten dem Qualitäts-Journalismus zu neuer Blüte
   verhelfen werden.
   Veranstaltungen
   29.03.19
   START Summit 2019
   >

Themenschwerpunkt START Summit 2019

   Veranstaltungen
   21.03.19
   Dirk Ahlborn von Hyperloop
   >

«Hyperloop»

Dirk Ahlborn stellte an der HSG sein futuristisches Transportsystem vor.

   Meinungen
   22.02.19
   Bundeshaus in Bern
   >

Wahlsystem und Wahlerfolg

Im Oktober 2019 finden die Schweizer Parlamentswahlen statt. Ein Blick auf
das Schweizer Wahlsystem. Von Silvano Moeckli.

   Meinungen
   08.03.19
   Christa Binswanger über den Internationalen Frauentag 2019
   >

Internationaler Frauentag 2019

Wie steht es um die Chancengleichheit in der Schweiz im Jahr 2019? Ein
Kommentar von Christa Binswanger.

   Campus
   22.01.19
   Teil der Fassade des Zentralen Institutsgebaeudes (ZIG) der
   Universitaet St.Gallen (HSG)
   >

HSG forschungsstärkste Universität in BWL

Dies geht aus dem neuen Ranking der «WirtschaftsWoche» hervor.

   Campus
   22.02.19
   Lesung von Kristine Bilkau
   >

Kristine Bilkau las aus «Eine Liebe, in Gedanken»

Von Dana Sindermann

   Campus
   08.02.19

AACSB-Akkreditierung bis 2023

   Die «Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business» (AACSB) hat
   die Akkreditierung der Universität St.Gallen (HSG) für die kommenden
   fünf Jahre erneuert. Die HSG gehört zu 4 Hochschulen in der Schweiz und
   831 Hochschulen weltweit, welche dieses Gütesiegel tragen.
   Meinungen
   20.11.18
   Bundeshaus Bern
   >

Schweizer Bundesratswahlen: Bitte ja keine Inhalte!

Ein Stimmungsbild von Patrick Emmenegger.

   Publikationen
   04.12.18
   HSG Focus Kunst
   >

Dossier «Kunst» in HSG Focus

In der neusten Ausgabe des digitalen Unimagazins dreht sich alles um Kunst.

   Forschung
   23.11.18
   HSG-Analysen zum Aktienhandel mit Schweizer Blue Chips
   >

HSG-Analysen zum Aktienhandel mit Schweizer Blue Chips

Ergebnisse der unabhängigen Forschungskooperation vorgestellt.

   Campus
   27.11.18
   Get Connected
   >

«Get Connected»

Das Mentoring-Treffen der LGBTQ*- Studierenden-Vereinigungen von ETH, UZH und
HSG. Von Studentenreporter Sascha Duric.

   Hintergrund
   26.11.18
   Karrierepfade nach dem Doktorat
   >

Karrierepfade nach dem Doktorat

Wissenschaftliche Laufbahn oder Privatwirtschaft – welche Karrierepfade gibt
es nach dem Doktorat? Von Dana Sindermann.

   Veranstaltungen
   23.11.18
   Post-its: TEDxHSG 2018: «Note to Self»
   >

TEDxHSG 2018: «Note to Self»

Zwölf Menschen mit verschiedensten Hintergründen berichten von prägenden
Momenten ihres Lebens.

   Campus
   30.10.18

Vorberatende Kommission unterstützt Campus Platztor

   Die vorberatende Kommission unterstützt den geplanten Standort Campus
   Platztor der Universität St.Gallen und das Bauvorhaben in der Höhe von
   207 Millionen Franken. Der Standort Campus Platztor ermöglicht eine
   nachhaltige Entwicklung der Universität St.Gallen und schafft dringend
   notwendigen Lehr- und Forschungsraum für die Grundausbildung.
   Damian Borth in «Forbes»
   20.09.18
   Es geht nicht nur um Geld in der KI-Forschung - wir haben die
   Fähigkeit, etwas Gutes zu tun.
   Veranstaltungen
   29.10.18
   KMU Tag 2018
   >

KMU-Tag 2018

«KMU und Entscheidungen – Was im Alltag (wirklich) zählt» lautete der Titel
des Schweizer KMU-Tages 2018.

   Campus
   27.08.18
   Visualisierung Campus Platztor
   >

Zweiter Campus für die HSG

Die Regierung hat die Botschaft über die Erstellung des Campus Platztor für
die Universität St.Gallen (HSG) verabschiedet.

   Campus
   29.08.18
   Kunst-App
   >

HSG-Kunst-App

Die Universität St.Gallen besitzt eine eindrückliche Sammlung moderner Kunst,
die neu mit einer App entdeckt werden kann.

   Forschung
   10.06.18
   Abstimmung: Ja zum Joint Medical Master
   >

Ja zum Joint Medical Master

Die Stimmbevölkerung des Kantons St.Gallen sagt mit 86,03 Prozent Ja zur
Ärzteausbildung in St.Gallen.

   Leute
   28.05.18
   Foto: Philip Roth, Copyright: Keystone/AP/ DOUGLAS HEALEY
   >

«Kein Geliebter kommt mit dem Leben davon» – Zu Ehren Philip Roths

Von Claudia Brühwiler.

   Videos
   11.09.19
   Video: Forscher der HSG und der ETH Zürich haben eine App entwickelt,
   die bei chronischen Erkrankungen wie Fettleibigkeit oder Depressionen
   helfen soll

Digitale Pillen gegen moderne Volkskrankheiten

   Video: Forscher der HSG und der ETH Zürich haben eine App entwickelt,
   die bei chronischen Erkrankungen wie Fettleibigkeit oder Depressionen
   helfen soll

Digitale Pillen gegen moderne Volkskrankheiten

   Rund 80 Prozent der Gesundheitsausgaben entstehen aufgrund chronischer
   Krankheiten, welche wiederum häufig auf einen ungesunden Lebensstil
   zurückzuführen sind. Dieser Problematik wollen Forscher der HSG und der
   ETH Zürich mit digitalen Helfern begegnen. Ein Videobeitrag aus der
   aktuellen HSG Focus-Ausgabe zum Thema «Gesundheit».
   Videointerview Prof. Dr. Thomas Rudolph über Abomodelle in der Schweiz

Schweizer nutzen fleissig Abomodelle

   Socken, Weine oder Kleider im Abo einkaufen. Solche sogenannte
   Subskriptionsmodelle sind in der Schweiz weit verbreitet, wie eine
   Studie des Instituts für Handelsmanagement der HSG zeigt. Rund 30
   Prozent der Schweizer Konsumenten haben bereits einmal eine
   Produktsubskription gekauft. Prof. Dr. Thomas Rudolph erklärt im
   Gespräch, warum es immer mehr solche Modelle gibt und wie es um ihre
   Nachhaltigkeit steht.
   HSG Gender Intelligence Report 2019: Interview mit Prof. Dr. Gudrun
   Sander

HSG Gender Intelligence Report 2019

   Im Rahmen der dritten Diversity and Inclusion Tagung an der Universität
   St.Gallen wurde der «Advance & HSG Gender Intelligence Report 2019»
   vorgestellt. Dieser untersucht jährlich, wie es um die
   Geschlechterverhältnisse in Schweizer Firmen steht. Ergebnis des
   Berichts ist, dass Frauen und Männer im Jahr 2018 auf der Ebene der
   Mitarbeitenden ohne Führungsfunktion gleich stark vertreten waren. Auf
   oberer bis oberster Führungsebene lag der Frauenanteil jedoch nur bei
   18 Prozent. Damit mehr Frauen auch in Spitzenpositionen gelangen,
   schlagen die Autoren gestützt auf positiven Beispielen verschiedene
   Massnahmen im Beförderungsprozess vor.
   Academic GIFts: Was ist Crowdsourcing? Und wann ist es am effektivsten?

Academic GIFts: Was ist Crowdsourcing?

   Crowdsourcing funktioniert am besten in kollaborativen Umgebungen - mit
   kollaborativen Gruppen. In anderen Umgebungen, wie z.B.
   Crowdsourcing-Wettbewerben, werden Einzelpersonen mit der Zeit weniger
   kreativ. Dies zeigt eine Studie von Ivo Blohm, Assistenzprofessor für
   Data Science und Management am Institut für Wirtschaftsinformatik
   (IWI-HSG).
   #2minutes: J. Peter Murmann über Tesla und die Zukunft der
   Automobilindustrie

#2minutes: J. Peter Murmann über Tesla und die Zukunft der Automobilindustrie

   «Die Grenze zwischen Automobilindustrie und IT verschwimmt immer mehr.»
   Ein Interview mit J. Peter Murmann, Professor für Strategisches
   Management an der Universität St.Gallen, über den Erfolg von Tesla und
   die Zukunft der Automobilindustrie.
   Caspar Hirschi über Populismus und Nationalismus in der Schweiz und
   Europa im Videointerview

Caspar Hirschi über Populismus und Nationalismus in der Schweiz und Europa

   Prof. Dr. Caspar Hirschi über die eidgenössischen Wahlen 2019. Welche
   Themen bestimmen die politische Diskussion? Gibt es Gemeinsamkeiten
   zwischen den populistischen Bewegungen in Europa und der Schweiz? Und
   was sollten die Parteien der Mitte im Umgang mit rechten Bewegungen
   verinnerlichen? Ein Experteninterview.
   Judith Walls

Welche Führungskräfte machen Unternehmen nachhaltiger? Ein Interview mit
Judith Walls.

   Welche Eigenschaften müssen Führungskräfte haben, damit ihre
   Unternehmen nachhaltiger werden? Ein Interview mit Judith Walls,
   Lehrstuhl für Nachhaltigkeitsmanagement des Instituts für Wirtschaft
   und Ökologie (IWÖ-HSG).
   Academic GIFts: Über die Globalisierung und die Konzentration von
   Talenten

Academic GIFts: Globalisierung und die Konzentration von Talenten

   Globalisierung erleichtert den internationalen Kapital-, Güter- und
   Ideenaustausch und verschafft Unternehmen Zugang zu neuen Märkten. Die
   Vorteile der Globalisierung sind jedoch nicht gleichmässig verteilt.
   Wie wirken sich diese Ungleichgewichte auf die Verteilung von Talenten
   auf konkurrierende Teams aus? Ein Forschungsprojekt von Ulrich Schetter
   (Schweizerisches Institut für Aussenwirtschaft und Angewandte
   Wirtschaftsforschung an der HSG) und Oriol Tejada (ETH Zürich) gibt
   Antwort auf diese Fragen.
   REMforum 2019

#REMforum 2019

   Widerstände gegen Windkraftanlagen oder Vorurteile gegenüber der
   Elektromobilität: In der polarisierten öffentlichen Debatte um
   Klimawandel und erneuerbare Energien spielen Emotionen einen grosse
   Rolle. Am 10. St.Galler Forum für Management erneuerbarer Energien
   diskutierten über 150 internationale Fachleute aktuelle
   Herausforderungen, Lösungsansätze und neue Geschäftsmöglichkeiten in
   der Energiebranche. (in Englisch)
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Auswirkungen der Erdöl-Verschmutzung auf die
   Kindersterblichkeit in Nigeria. Videointerview mit Prof. Dr. Roland
   Hodler.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Auswirkungen der Erdöl-Verschmutzung auf die
Kindersterblichkeit in Nigeria

   Nigeria ist der grösste Erdölproduzent Afrikas. Das Land leidet seit
   Jahrzehnten unter der Umweltverschmutzung durch die Ölindustrie.
   Bislang gibt es jedoch kaum wissenschaftliche Untersuchungen, die die
   Auswirkungen von Öl-Unfällen auf die Gesundheit der Menschen vor Ort
   untersuchen. Eine an der Universität St.Gallen durchgeführte Studie von
   Prof. Dr. Roland Hodler schliesst nun diese Lücke, indem sie die
   Auswirkungen von Ölverschmutzungen auf die Neugeborenen- und
   Kindersterblichkeit untersucht.
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Erfolgsfaktoren des Arbeitsplatzerhalts bei
   psychischen Erkrankungen. Videointerview mit Prof. Dr. Stephan Böhm und
   anderen.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Erfolgsfaktoren des Arbeitsplatzerhalts bei
psychischen Erkrankungen

   Psychische Erkrankungen sind oftmals mit Arbeitsunfähigkeit und nicht
   selten mit einem vorzeitigen Renteneintritt verbunden. Das «Center for
   Disability and Integration» der Universität St.Gallen unter der Leitung
   von Professor Stephan Böhm engagierte sich im Auftrag der SVA in einem
   mehrjährigen Forschungsprojekt, das konkrete Lösungen für den
   Arbeitsplatzerhalt erarbeitete. Im Zentrum: Schulungen für
   Führungskräfte, die Betroffene unterstützen.
   HSG Impact Award 2019: Daten gestützte Plattform für nachhaltige
   Mobilität. Videointerview mit Prof. Dr. Felix Wortmann und anderen.

HSG Impact Award 2019: Daten gestützte Plattform für nachhaltige Mobilität

   Sichere und zugleich Kraftstoff effiziente Mobilität sind zwei
   Kernthemen eines Forschungsprojekts von Prof. Dr. Felix Wortmann und
   dem ITEM-HSG. Wie können Fahrer gezielt vor gefährlichen Unfallstellen
   gewarnt werden? Wie lassen sich Spritverbrauch-Informationen so
   darstellen, dass sie zu Veränderungen im Fahrverhalten führen? Und
   welche Möglichkeiten bietet die Plattform im Gesundheitsbereich?
   Videointerview: Martin Kolmar über "Konsum"

Martin Kolmar: «Das bequeme Leben ist nicht das gute Leben»

   Prof. Dr. Martin Kolmar über Konsum als
   Ressourcen-Verbrennungsmaschine. Was steht am Ende des Konsum-Aktes?
   Welche neurowissenschaftlichen Aspekte gehen mit Konsum einher? Und was
   lehren uns bereits die alten Tugendethiken? Ein Videointerview aus der
   aktuellen HSG-Focus-Ausgabe.
   Marie Ringler über Social Entrepreneurs. Ein Videointerview anlässlich
   des 49. St.Gallen Symposiums.

Marie Ringler über Social Entrepreneurs

   Marie Ringler, Europachefin der amerikanischen Non-Profit-Organisation
   «Ashoka », über Entrepreneure, die sich der Lösung gesellschaftlicher
   und sozialer Probleme verschrieben haben. Ein Videointerview im Rahmen
   des 49. St.Gallen Symposiums.
   Die Schweizer Künstlerin Zilla Leutenegger über ihre Arbeit
   «Treppenhaus: Lonely at the top». Ein Kunstinterview.

Zilla Leutenegger über «Treppenhaus: Lonely at the top»

   Die Schweizer Künstlerin Zilla Leutenegger über ihre Arbeit
   «Treppenhaus: Lonely at the top», ihre Vorstellung von Kunst und die in
   ihrem Werk erstmals verwendete Sgraffito-Technik. Ein Kunstinterview.
   #2minutes: Maël Schnegg über den Landscape Monitor

#2minutes: Maël Schnegg über den «Landscape Monitor»

   Disruption ist in aller Munde. Neue Technologien aber auch der rasche
   gesellschaftliche Wandel kann für so manche Firma und ihr etabliertes
   Geschäftsmodell schnell zum Verhängnis werden. Um so wichtiger ist es
   daher für Unternehmen, die eigene Umwelt systematisch zu beobachten, um
   bedrohliche Trends frühzeitig zu erkennen. Doch wie macht man das am
   besten? Dr. Maël Schnegg vom Institut für Accounting und Controlling
   der HSG hat genau für diese Herausforderung ein Tool mitentwickelt.
   Ulrich Schmid über 70 Jahre NATO

#2minutes: Ulrich Schmid zum 70. Jahrestag der NATO

   Ist die NATO eine Erfolgsgeschichte? Welches sind ihre aktuellen und
   künftigen Herausforderungen? Welche Bedeutung haben Russland und die
   USA für die NATO? Ein Interview mit Ulrich Schmid, Professor für Kultur
   und Gesellschaft Russlands an der Universität St.Gallen.
   Tony Cragg über Kunst und Skulptur. Ein Videointerview.

Tony Cragg über Kunst und Skulptur

   «Das Menschlichste auf der Welt ist Kunst». Tony Cragg über das Wesen
   der Bildhauerei, über Form und Material, und das Erschaffen von
   Skulpturen als radikale politische Haltung. Ein Kunstinterview.
   Eidgenössische Wahlen 2019: Rolf Wüstenhagen über die Themen Klima &
   Energie

Eidgenössische Wahlen 2019: Rolf Wüstenhagen über die Themen Klima & Energie

   Welche Rolle spielen die Themen Klima und Energie im Wahlkampf? Was
   sind die aktuellen und künftigen Herausforderungen in der Klimapolitik
   der Schweiz? Ein Interview mit Rolf Wüstenhagen, Professor für
   Management Erneuerbarer Energien am Institut für Wirtschaft und
   Ökologie der Universität St.Gallen.
   Academic GIFts: Wer haftet für Unfälle selbstfahrender Autos?

Academic GIFts: Wer haftet für selbstfahrende Autos?

   Irren ist technisch: Auch autonom fahrende Autos können Unfälle bauen.
   Wer muss für den Schaden aufkommen, den das Fahrzeug verursacht?
   Melinda Lohmann, HSG-Assistenzprofessorin für Wirtschaftsrecht mit
   Schwerpunkt Informationsrecht, erklärt den Fall aus Sicht der
   europäischen Rechtssprechung. (in Englisch)
   Markus Müller-Chen im Videointerview über Kunstrecht.

Markus Müller-Chen über Kunstrecht

   Markus Müller-Chen über die unterschiedlichen juristischen Aspekte des
   Kunstmarktes, Kunstfreiheit und Urheberrecht, Original und Fälschung,
   Provenienzforschung und Raubkunst; aber auch die «Rosinen» der
   juristischen Beschäftigung mit Kunst: Banksys «Love is in the Bin». Ein
   Beitrag aus der aktuellen HSG-Focus-Ausgabe.
   Videointerview: Felix Lehner über den Künstler Hans Josephsohn

Felix Lehner über den Bildhauer Hans Josephsohn

   Felix Lehner, Gründer und Geschäftsführer der Kunstgiesserei St.Gallen
   und der Galerie Felix Lehner AG, über den Künstler Hans Josephsohn.
   Welche bildhauerischen und künstlerischen Fragen haben Josephsohn sein
   ganzes Leben lang beschäftigt? Was ist das Besondere seiner an der
   Universität St.Gallen zu sehende Arbeit «Stehende Figur, ohne Titel,
   1962»? Und wie wichtig ist das «Gegenüber» in all seinen Arbeiten?
   Video Interview: Franz Schultheis über die Bewohner der Kunstwelt

Franz Schultheis über die Bewohner der Kunstwelt

   Franz Schultheis über die Bewohner der Kunstwelt, heterogene Pfade in
   die Kunstwelt und die Gesetze des Kunstmarktes. Welche Rollen spielen
   soziales und kulturelles Kapital und was kennzeichnet Art
   Entrepreneure?
   Damian Borth über die neue KI-Forschung an der HSG

#2minutes: Damian Borth über die neue KI-Forschung an der HSG

   Die HSG wird zum Forschungsstandort für Künstliche Intelligenz. Sie
   erhält als erste Schweizer Universität einen NVIDIA Supercomputer.
   Damian Borth, Professor für Artificial Intelligence and Machine
   Learning an der Universität St.Gallen über die «DGX-2» und ihr
   Potenzial für die Forschung.
   Wolfgang Jenewein über «Positive Führung». Ein Videointerview.

Wolfgang Jenewein über «Positive Führung»

   Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Jenewein über «Empowerment» und «Positive
   Leadership». Warum funktionieren althergebrachte Führungsmethoden heute
   nicht mehr? Und wie wichtig sind Empathie und Kommunikation in der
   Führung sowie die Fähigkeit, «Menschen zu sehen, ihre Individualität zu
   erkennen»? Ein Videointerview.
   Academic GIFts: Why do we punish criminals?

Academic GIFts: Warum bestrafen wir Kriminelle?

   Die Bestrafung von Verbrechern ist so alt wie die Menschheit selbst.
   Aber warum bestrafen wir Menschen? Und funktioniert es? Mit dieser
   Frage beschäftigt sich Nora Markwalder, Assistenzprofessorin für
   Strafrecht an der Law School der Universität St.Gallen (LS-HSG).
   Prof. Dr. Rolf Wüstenhagen und Robert Ruttmann im Gespräch über
   E-Mobilität. Videobeitrag..

Rolf Wüstenhagen über «E-Mobilität»

   Prof. Dr. Rolf Wüstenhagen und Robert Ruttmann im Gespräch über
   Elektromobilität. Welche Rolle kann die Elektromobilität bei der
   Reduktion von Kohlendioxid-Emissionen und dem Klimawandel spielen? Was
   sind die Treiber für die Elektrifizierung und wie könnte die Zukunft
   der urbanen Mobilität aussehen? Ein Beitrag aus dem Dossier der
   aktuellen HSG Focus-Ausgabe zum Thema «Mobilität».
   Videointerview zum Campus Platztor mit Regierungsrat Marc Mächler

Bauvorhaben «Campus Platztor» St.Gallen

   Marc Mächler, Regierungsrat und Vorsteher des Baudepartementes, über
   den geplanten zweiten Standort der Universität St. Gallen, den Campus
   Platztor, nächste Schritte und die angedachte Vernetzung von
   Universität und Altstadt.
   Miriam Meckel über Medien X.0

Miriam Meckel über Medien X.0

   Miriam Meckel über Vertrauen und Glaubwürdigkeit, Veränderungen der
   Medienlandschaft und neue Formate wie Live-Journalismus. Welche
   Herausforderungen kommen auf Verlage und Journalisten in den kommenden
   Jahren zu? Welche journalistischen Formen werden sich durchsetzen und
   worin liegen die Möglichkeiten von Virtual Reality Journalismus und
   automatisiertem Journalismus?
   Wissensbank: Reinhard Jung über Blockchain

Wissensbank: Reinhard Jung über Blockchain

   Prof. Dr. Reinhard Jung über klassische Transaktionen und die
   Distributed-Ledger-Technologie «Blockchain». Was ist eine «Blockchain»
   und wie funktioniert das dezentrale Buchführungssystem, das als
   Verfahren z.B. für die Kryptowährung Bitcoin nötig ist? Wie
   fälschungssicher ist die Technologie und welchen Einfluss haben
   Blockchains auf unser Wirtschaftssystem?
   Video interview: Sou Fujimoto über sein Projekt "Open Grid", das
   Learning Center der Universität St.Gallen

HSG Learning Center: Sou Fujimoto über «Open Grid – Choices of Tomorrow»

   Die Architekten Sou Fujimoto und Marie de France über ihr Projekt «Open
   Grid», das neue Learning Center an der Universität St.Gallen. Wie fügt
   sich das Gebäude in die Umgebung ein? Welche Punkte stehen im Zentrum
   des Projekts und welche Aspekte sind entscheidend für eine moderne
   Lernumgebung, die sich die digitale Zukunft zu eigen macht? (in
   Englisch)
   Wissensbank: Christoph Aymanns über Bitcoin

Wissensbank: Christoph Aymanns über Bitcoin

   Prof. Dr. Christoph Aymanns über Bitcoin und den Boom der vergangenen
   Monate. Was kennzeichnet die Kryptowährung? Wie kann sie eingesetzt
   werden und wie könnte die Zukunft der Kryptowährung aussehen? (in
   Englisch)
   Wissensbank: Marcus Schögel über «Omni-Channel Management», Video

Wissensbank: Marcus Schögel über «Omni-Channel Management»

   Unternehmen kombinieren in den letzten Jahren zunehmend verschiedene
   Vertriebswege zwischen stationärem Handel und Online-Vertrieb. Marcus
   Schögel, Professor für Betriebswirtschaftslehre mit besonderer
   Berücksichtigung des Marketings (IfM-HSG) erklärt, welche Chancen und
   Herausforderungen mit dieser Strategie des Omni-Channel Managements
   verbunden sind.
   Tony Schwartz über Donald Trump

Tony Schwartz über Donald Trump

   «Donald Trump ist ein leeres Gefäss, er ist ein schwarzes Loch. Er
   verbrachte sein ganzes Leben damit, dieses Loch zu füllen. Das ist die
   Essenz von Donald Trump.» Ein Interview mit Tony Schwartz, Ghostwriter
   von Donald Trumps Buch «The Art of the Deal» und CEO von «The Energy
   Project», während des St. Gallen Symposiums 2017. (in Englisch)
   Weitere Videos
   DON
   26
   SEP
   Öffentliche Vorlesung

Vorlesung Französische Sprache und Literatur

18.15 - 19.45 Uhr, HSG 09-110

   ReferentIn
   Dr. Danielle Dahan-Feucht
   DON
   26
   SEP
   Öffentliche Vorlesung

Vorlesung Stadt und Region St. Gallen - Kunstgeschichte

18.15 - 19.45 Uhr, HSG 01-011

   Moderne Kunst im öffentlichen Raum in den 1950/60er Jahren: HANS ARP
   ReferentIn
   Dr. Simona Martinoli und Dr. Roland Scotti
   DON
   26
   SEP
   Öffentliche Vorlesung

Vorlesung Schweizer Literatur

18.15 - 19.45 Uhr, Raum für Literatur, Postgebäude am Bahnhof St. Gallen

   Zur Bedeutung verdrängter Geschichte(n): für die Autorin, die Menschen
   und die Schweiz
   ReferentIn
   Eveline Hasler
   DON
   26
   SEP
   Öffentliche Vorlesung

Vorlesung Volkswirtschaftslehre

18.15 - 19.45 Uhr, HSG 01-111

   Moderne Arbeitsmarktökonomik
   ReferentIn
   Professor Dr. Anthony Strittmatter
   Weitere Veranstaltungen

Akkreditierungen

   AACSB Logo EQUIS

Mitglied von

   Logo CEMS Logo PIM Logo APSIA Logo gbsn

   © Copyright 2019 Universität
   St.Gallen, Schweiz · Allgemeine
   rechtliche Informationen ·
   Datenschutz

   Dufourstrasse 50,
   CH-9000 St.Gallen
   Tel +41 71 224 21 11
   Fax +41 71 224 28 16

   Universität St.Gallen - Hochschule
   für Wirtschafts-, Rechts- und
   Sozialwissenschaften sowie
   Internationale Beziehungen (HSG)

   From insight to impact

   Menü
     * Suche
     * Sprache
       Deutsch
       English
     * Login
     * Social Media, Newsletter
          + Facebook
          + Twitter
          + YouTube
          + Instagram
          + LinkedIn
          + Pinterest
          + Flickr
          + HSG Focus
          + HSG Publishing
          + HSG RSS News
     * Universität spezifische Links
          + Sitemap
          + Intranet Mitarbeitende
          + Studentweb
          + Kontakt
          + E-Mail
          + Newsletter

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * Studieren
     * Weiterbilden
     * Forschen
     * Wissen
     * Universität

     * Aktuelles zum Studium
     * Darum HSG
     * Information
     * Bachelor
     * Master
     * Zulassung
     * Austauschprogramme
     * Vorlesungen

     * Willkommen
     * Über die HSG
     * Ihr Studium – Ihr Engagement
     * Rankings & Akkreditierungen
     * Internationales Netzwerk
     * Unsere Dozierenden
     * Attraktive Berufschancen
     * Kontextstudium

     * Fokusbereiche
     * Das Kontextstudium an der HSG
     * Skills und Sprachen
     * Team

     * Broschüren
     * Informationstage
     * Campus Tours
     * Messen
     * Internationale Studierende
     * Beratung
     * Newsletter
     * Leben in St.Gallen
     * Studium finanzieren
     * Career Services
     * Termine
     * Gebühren

     * Infotage für MaturandInnen
     * Jus-Schnuppertag
     * Master-Infotag

     * Messen in der Schweiz
     * Messen in Europa
     * Messen in Asien
     * Messen in Lateinamerika

     * Campus der HSG
     * Unterkunft

     * Hotels in St.Gallen

     * Darlehen und Stipendien
     * Finanzierungsmöglichkeiten
     * Lebenshaltungskosten

     * HSG-Fonds
     * Stipendienverzeichnisse

     * Austauschsemester
     * Exzellenzstipendien
     * Studiengebühren

     * Erwerbstätigkeit
     * Stipendien- und Fördermitteldatenbank

     * Services für internationale Studierende

     * Allgemeine Informationen
     * Assessmentjahr
     * Major Betriebswirtschaftslehre
     * Major Volkswirtschaftslehre
     * Major International Affairs
     * Major Rechtswissenschaft
     * Major Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften
     * Zusatzqualifikationen
     * Austausch auf Bachelor-Stufe

     * HSG-Kick-off-Days
     * Prüfungssystem
     * Kontextstudium
     * Bachelor-Arbeit
     * Rechtsgrundlagen, Merkblätter
     * Mentoring-Programm
     * HSG Bachelor Graduation Days

     * Das Mentoring-Prinzip
     * Rollen und Aufgaben
     * Mentoring-Prozess
     * Nutzen einer Mentoring-Beziehung
     * Bewerbung als StudentIn
     * Anmeldung als MentorIn
     * Teilnahmebedingungen

     * Inhaltliche Einstiegsvoraussetzungen
     * Startwoche
     * Curriculum
     * Prüfungssystem
     * Rechtsgrundlagen, Merkblätter
     * Fakultative Angebote
     * Coaching-Programm
     * Kontakte Assessmentjahr

     * Einstiegsvoraussetzungen Fremdsprachen
     * Einstiegsvoraussetzungen Mathematik

     * Konzept und Ziel
     * Fallstudie
     * Wochenablauf
     * Organisatorisches
     * Doku-Team
     * Partner
     * Personen hinter der Startwoche
     * Vergangene Startwochen

     * ReferentInnen und Jurymitglieder
     * Weitere Beteiligte

     * Startwoche 2018
     * Startwochen 2016 und 2017
     * Startwochen 2014 und 2015
     * Startwochen 2012 und 2013

     * Betriebswirtschaftslehre
     * Volkswirtschaftslehre
     * Recht
     * Pflichtwahlfächer der Vertiefungen
     * Kontextstudium
     * Buchhaltung

     * Herbstsemester
     * Frühjahrssemester

     * Herbstsemester
     * Frühjahrssemester

     * Herbstsemester
     * Frühjahrssemester

     * Sonderregelungen im Assessment

     * Einführungskurs Mathematik
     * InfoTools
     * Konversationskurse
     * Mathematik Tutorium
     * Rechtswissenschaft für fremdsprachige Studierende

     * Coaching-Prinzip
     * Coaching-Prozess
     * Unsere Coaches
     * Seminare 2019/20
     * Anforderungen und Bewerbung

     * Factsheet
     * Darum Major BWL
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Curriculum
     * Kontakt

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahl- und Wahlbereich

     * Major VWL in Kürze
     * Curriculum
     * Nach dem Major VWL
     * Factsheet
     * Kontakt

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich
     * Wahlbereich
     * Vertiefung
     * Dozierende

     * Factsheet
     * BIA in Kürze
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Perspektiven
     * Curriculum
     * Austausch
     * Kontakt

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich
     * NMUN
     * Praxis Credits

     * Factsheet
     * Darum Major Rechtswissenschaften
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Curriculum

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich

     * Factsheet
     * Darum Rechtswissenschaften mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Curriculum

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich

     * Ausbildung in Wirtschaftspädagogik

     * Allgemeine Informationen
     * Business Innovation
     * Marketing Management
     * Rechnungswesen und Finanzen
     * Strategy and International Management
     * Unternehmensführung
     * Management, Organisation und Kultur
     * Banking and Finance
     * Volkswirtschaftslehre
     * Quantitative Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Governance
     * International Law
     * Rechtswissenschaft
     * Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften
     * Joint Medical Master in St.Gallen
     * CEMS MIM
     * Doppelstudium
     * Zusatzqualifikationen
     * Austausch auf Master-Stufe

     * Mentoring-Programm
     * Prüfungssystem
     * Kontextstudium
     * Campus Credits
     * Praxis Credits
     * Master-Arbeit
     * HSG Kick-off Days
     * Rechtsgrundlagen, Merkblätter
     * Äquivalenz Master Lizenziat
     * HSG Master Graduation Days

     * Das Mentoring-Prinzip
     * Rollen und Aufgaben
     * Mentoring-Prozess
     * Nutzen einer Mentoring-Beziehung
     * Bewerbung als StudentIn
     * Anmeldung als MentorIn
     * Teilnahmebedingungen

     * FS Kick-off Day
     * HS Kick-off Days

     * Factsheet
     * Darum MBI
     * Profil der Studierenden
     * Berufschancen
     * Curriculum
     * Dozierende
     * MBI Student Board
     * Kontakt

     * Factsheet
     * Darum MiMM
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Berufschancen
     * Curriculum
     * Dozierende
     * Partner
     * Kontakt

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich

     * beteiligte Institute
     * Tätigkeitsbereiche

     * Factsheet
     * Darum MAccFin
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Berufschancen
     * Curriculum
     * Preferred Partnership
     * Austausch
     * Verein true and fair view

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich

     * KPMG
     * ZEB
     * EY
     * Lonza
     * Procter & Gamble

     * Factsheet
     * Darum MUG
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Berufschancen
     * Curriculum
     * Dozierende
     * FAQ

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich

     * Factsheet MOK
     * Darum MOK
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Berufschancen
     * Curriculum
     * Praxispartner
     * Dozierende
     * FAQ

     * MEcon in Kürze
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree-Programme (DDP)
     * Nach dem MEcon
     * Factsheet
     * FAQs
     * Partner
     * Kontakt

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich
     * Vertiefungen
     * Praxis Credits
     * Praxis Projekt: HSG Next Generation
     * Dozierende

     * Career Day for Economists

     * MIA in Kürze
     * Curriculum
     * Double Degree-Programme
     * Nach dem MIA
     * Factsheet
     * FAQ

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich
     * Praxis Credits
     * Dozierende

     * DDP mit Sciences Po
     * DDP mit The Fletcher School
     * DDP mit Yonsei GSIS
     * DDP mit Universidad Los Andes

     * MIA Alumni

     * Factsheet
     * Darum MLaw
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Curriculum
     * Berufschancen
     * Allgemeines

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich
     * Unabhängiger Wahlbereich

     * Factsheet
     * Darum MLE
     * Studierendenprofil
     * Curriculum
     * Berufschancen
     * Allgemeines

     * Pflichtbereich
     * Pflichtwahlbereich

     * Kontakt

     * DM2 Europe
     * SSE Doppelstudium
     * FGV-EAESP in Brasilien
     * SIM Doppelstudium
     * MIA Doppelstudium
     * MIL Doppelstudium

     * Ausbildung in Wirtschaftspädagogik
     * Lehrprogramm Wirtschaftsjournalismus

     * Darum Wirtschaftspädagogik
     * Profil
     * Curriculum

     * Erste Ausbildungsstufe
     * Zweite Ausbildungsstufe

     * Studierendenprofil
     * Curriculum
     * Medienpartner

     * Zulassung Bachelor-Studium
     * Zulassung Master-Studium
     * Zulassung Doktoratsstudium
     * Zulassung Zusatzqualifikationen
     * Visum und Einreise
     * Anmeldung
     * Anmeldefristen Online Anmeldung
     * Reimmatrikulation
     * Team

     * Zulassungsprüfung
     * Zulassung zum Zweitstudium

     * Business Innovation
     * Marketing Management
     * Unternehmensführung
     * Rechnungswesen und Finanzen
     * Banking and Finance
     * Strategy and International Management
     * Management, Organisation und Kultur
     * Volkswirtschaftslehre
     * Quantitative Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs und Governance
     * International Law
     * Rechtswissenschaft
     * Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften

     * Doktorat in Betriebswirtschaftslehre
     * Doktorat in Economics and Finance
     * Doktorat in International Affairs and Political Economy
     * Doktorat in Organisation und Kultur
     * Doktorat in Rechtswissenschaft
     * Doktorat in Finance

     * Wirtschaftspädagogik Stufe I
     * Wirtschaftspädagogik Stufe II
     * Lehrprogramm Wirtschaftsjournalismus
     * Lehrprogramm Data Science Fundamentals

     * Anmeldung Reimmatrikulation

     * Incoming Gaststudierende
     * Outgoing HSG Studierende
     * The Housing Office
     * Kontakt

     * Austausch Partneruniversitäten Bachelor und Master
     * ISP-MBA
     * Management in Europa
     * CEMS MIM
     * THEMIS
     * Swiss Mobility
     * Freemover
     * ESKAS - Bundes-Exzellenz-Stipendien
     * GSERM - Global School in Empirical Research Methods
     * Gasthörer/Hospitanten und Einzelkursbesuche

     * Bachelor - Austausch Partneruniversitäten
     * Bachelor - HSG Asia Term
     * Bachelor - HSG Latam Term
     * Bachelor - Swiss Mobility
     * Bachelor - Freemover
     * Master - Austausch Partneruniversitäten
     * Master - THEMIS
     * Master - Swiss Mobility
     * Master - Freemover

     * Lehrkoerper
     * Veranstaltungsverzeichnisse

     * nach Funktion
     * nach Name

     * Frühjahrssemester 2020 (provisorisch)
     * Herbstsemester 2019
     * Frühjahrssemester 2019
     * Herbstsemester 2018

     * nach Datum
     * nach Dozent/Dozentin
     * nach Programm
     * Kurse in Englisch
     * Veranstaltungen JETZT
     * Suche

     * nach Datum
     * nach Dozent/Dozentin
     * nach Programm
     * Kurse in Englisch
     * Veranstaltungen JETZT
     * Suche

     * nach Datum
     * nach Dozent/Dozentin
     * nach Programm
     * Kurse in Englisch
     * Veranstaltungen JETZT
     * Suche

     * nach Datum
     * nach Dozent/Dozentin
     * nach Programm
     * Kurse in Englisch
     * Veranstaltungen JETZT
     * Suche

     * MBA
     * Executive MBA
     * Programmübersicht
     * Customized Programmes

     * Forschen an der HSG
     * Centers und Kooperationen
     * Doktorat
     * Förderung
     * Veranstaltungen für Professoren/innen
     * Nachwuchsförderung
     * Forschungsplattform Alexandria
     * Service
     * Offene Professuren

     * Vision und Forschung
     * Prorektorat Forschung
     * Forschungskommission
     * Ethikkommission
     * Wer forscht was?
     * HSG-Förderinstitutionen
     * HSG-externe Förderinstitutionen

     * Mitglieder

     * Mitglieder

     * Global Centers
     * Centers
     * Forschungskooperationen

     * «Global Center for Customer Insight»
     * «Global Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation»

     * Forschungspartner in der Praxis

     * BMW Group
     * Bosch IoT Lab
     * Hilti Lab
     * SBB Lab

     * Aktuelle Forschungsthemen
     * Einstieg

     * Aktuelle Forschungsthemen
     * Einstieg

     * Aktuelle Forschungsthemen
     * Nachwuchsförderung

     * Allgemeine Informationen
     * Betriebswirtschaftslehre
     * Finance
     * Economics and Finance
     * International Affairs and Political Economy
     * Rechtswissenschaft
     * Organisation und Kultur

     * HSG-Kick-off-Days
     * PhD Office
     * Ablauf des Doktoratsstudiums
     * Dissertationsformen
     * Rechtsgrundlagen, Merkblätter
     * Termine und Gebühren
     * Mentoring-Programm

     * Betreuung Dissertation
     * Externe BetreuerInnen

     * Kursphase
     * Dissertationsphase

     * Das Mentoring-Prinzip
     * Rollen und Aufgaben
     * Mentoring-Prozess
     * Nutzen einer Mentoring-Beziehung
     * Bewerbung als StudentIn
     * Anmeldung als MentorIn
     * Teilnahmebedingungen

     * Accounting
     * Business Innovation
     * General Management
     * Marketing
     * Methoden- und Fachkurse

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Curriculum

     * Kontakt

     * Kontakt

     * Curriculum
     * Doktorierendenprofil
     * Dozierende

     * Kursphase
     * Dissertationsphase

     * Curriculum
     * DOK-Fakultät
     * Doktorierende
     * Zulassung
     * Karriere
     * Kontakt

     * Kursphase
     * Dissertationsphase
     * Kursplanung

     * Projekte
     * Karriere
     * Aktuelle Ausschreibungen und Termine
     * Wissenschaftskommunikation
     * Europäische Forschung

     * GFF-Anschubfinanzierung
     * GFF-Projektförderung

     * International Postdoctoral Fellowships
     * Doc.CH (GSW)
     * SNF-Mobilitätsstipendien
     * Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions

     * Publikationsfonds
     * Fonds für Forschungsgespräche
     * Kongresskostenbeiträge

     * Videos zu EU-Projekten
     * EU-Projekte an der HSG
     * Horizon 2020
     * HSG Antragstellende
     * KMU - Wir sind für Sie da
     * Veranstaltungen
     * Andere EU-Forschungsprogramme
     * Evaluator/innen

     * Partnersuche

     * Region Graubünden
     * Region St. Gallen
     * Region Thurgau

     * Global School in Empirical Research Methods
     * Young Investigator Programme
     * PhD Schreibgruppen

     * Angebote und Services im Überblick
     * Reflexion, Orientierung, Klärung
     * Discover
     * Commit
     * Accelerate

     * Reflektiere deine Entscheidung für's Doktorat
     * Bau dir deine Community an der HSG
     * Such dir eine Mentorin oder einen Mentor
     * Schule dein Auftritts- und Präsentationsverhalten
     * Bau internationale Kontakte auf
     * Schule dein kreatives und visuelles Denken

     * Wissenschaftliche Integrität. Lern, was das heisst
     * Setz dich aktiv mit deinen Karrierezielen auseinander
     * Informier dich frühzeitig über Fördermöglichkeiten
     * Arbeite an deinen kommunikativen Fähigkeiten
     * Du forschst empirisch? Manage deine Forschungsdaten
     * Vernetz dich mit Peers

     * Schärf dein Profil als Wissenschaftspersönlichkeit
     * Reflektiere frühzeitig deine Chancen auf eine Professur
     * Bau deine Lehrkompetenzen aus
     * Engagier dich in den Gremien der HSG
     * Starte Projekte mit eigenen Mitarbeitenden
     * Lerne, wie du dich professionell in den Medien äusserst
     * Bau deine internationalen Kontakte aus

     * Ansprechpersonen
     * Daten- und Methodenberatung

     * Beratungsstelle für Empirische Wirtschafts- und Sozialforschung

     * Newsroom
     * Veranstaltungen
     * HSG Focus
     * Blogs
     * Publikationen
     * Animierte Forschung
     * Wissensbank
     * Begriff des Monats

     * Themenschwerpunkt HSG-Geschichtsstunde
     * Erweiterung der Universität St.Gallen
     * Themenschwerpunkt Eidgenössische Wahlen 2019
     * Jahresbericht 2018-2019
     * Themenschwerpunkt Bitcoin & Co
     * Themenschwerpunkt Entrepreneurship
     * Alle Themenschwerpunkte

     * Regelmässige Veranstaltungen

     * Dies academicus
     * HSG Graduation Days
     * Promotionsfeier
     * Startwoche
     * HSG Kick-off Days

     * Anmeldung Dies academicus 2019

     * Fachpublikationen
     * Publikations-Archiv

     * Buchveröffentlichungen
     * Forschungspublikationen
     * Fachzeitschriften

     * Academic GIFts
     * Little Green Bags

     * Über uns
     * Bibliothek
     * Besucher
     * Institute/Forschungsstellen
     * Schools
     * Presse
     * Förderer
     * Alumni
     * Arbeiten an der HSG
     * Services der HSG

     * Vision
     * Porträt
     * Strukturen
     * Netzwerke
     * HSG Erweiterung

     * HSG Roadmap 2025
     * Unsere Marke
     * Grundsatzerklärung zu Verantwortung und Nachhaltigkeit 2016

     * Grusswort des Rektors
     * HSG in Zahlen
     * Geschichte
     * Qualitätsentwicklung
     * Rankings und Akkreditierungen
     * Unternehmertum an der HSG
     * Nachhaltigkeit an der HSG
     * Gender und Diversity
     * Infomaterial

     * Studierendenzahlen
     * Forschungszahlen
     * Zahlen «Gemeinschaft»
     * Zahlen international und regional
     * Finanzzahlen

     * Chronologie der HSG bis 1975
     * Ehrendoktoren der HSG
     * Chronologie der HSG ab 1976
     * Rektorate

     * Lehrevaluation

     * Rankingergebnisse
     * Akkreditierungen und Audits

     * Universitätsrat
     * Senat
     * Rektorat
     * Prorektorat Studium & Lehre
     * Prorektorat Forschung & Faculty
     * Prorektorat Aussenbeziehungen
     * Prorektorat Planung & Entwicklung
     * Mittelbau
     * HSG Beirat 2007-2020
     * Ehrensenat
     * Studentenschaft
     * Rechtspflegeorgane
     * Schools
     * Verwaltung

     * Delegierte des Rektorats

     * 2015-2017: Beirat
     * 2012-2014: Beirat
     * 2007-2010: Beirat

     * Rekurskommission

     * Entscheide der Rekurskommission

     * HSG Vertretungen weltweit
     * Partneruniversitäten
     * CEMS - The Global Alliance in Management Education
     * PIM - Partnership in International Management
     * APSIA - Association of Professional Schools of Int. Affairs
     * GBSN - Global Business School Network
     * GRLI – Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative
     * PRME – UN Global Compact
     * Swissuniversities
     * Regionale Netzwerke

     * Singapur
     * São Paulo

     * Dienstleistungen
     * Recherche
     * Über unsere Bibliothek
     * Bibliotheks-News

     * Ausleihe / Benutzungskonto
     * Kurier und Fernleihe
     * Anschaffungsvorschlag
     * Infrastruktur
     * seatfinder
     * Beratungsangebot
     * Kurse und Veranstaltungen
     * Ideenwand / Social Media
     * Open Access
     * Research Data Management

     * Ausleihbestimmungen
     * Benutzungsordnung
     * Gebührentarif

     * Fernleihe-Auftrag
     * Zeitschriftenartikel-Bestellung

     * Internet / WLAN / VPN
     * Arbeitsplätze in der Bibliothek
     * Drucken, Kopieren, Scannen
     * Schliessfächer
     * Cafeteria

     * Infos zu seatfinder

     * Speed Lectures
     * Kurs "All in one hour"
     * Kurs "Recherchieren, Zitieren, Schreiben"
     * Kurs "Literaturverwaltung"
     * Kurs "Recherchen in Finance"
     * Kurs "Rechtswissenschaftliche Recherchen"
     * Kurs "Wirtschafts- und politikwissenschaftliche Recherchen"
     * Nacht der Schreibkompetenz
     * WhatsApp-Chat mit der Bibliothek

     * Open Access an der HSG
     * Hilfestellung für Autor/-innen
     * Open Access Support
     * Open Access Glossar

     * Relevante Richtlinien
     * Datenmanagementplan (DMP)
     * Datenspeicherung
     * RDM support an der HSG

     * Informationen zur Metasuche
     * Bibliothekskatalog
     * Datenbanken
     * Zeitschriften
     * E-Books
     * Literaturverwaltung mit EndNote
     * Anleitungen zum Zitieren
     * MediaScout (Rauminfo)
     * Bewertung von Quellen

     * HSG-Verbund
     * Neuerwerbungen
     * Semesterapparate

     * Anleitung Semesterapparate

     * Datenbankliste A-Z
     * Wirtschaftswissenschaften
     * Recht & Politikwissenschaften
     * Sozialwissenschaften
     * Geisteswissenschaften
     * Informatik & Informationswissenschaften
     * HSG Publikationen EDIS/EDOK/Alexandria
     * Nachschlagewerke
     * Informationen zu SFX
     * Recherche-Hinweise
     * Text & Data Mining TDM

     * Erstellung einer PDF/A-Datei

     * Öffnungszeiten
     * Lesungen
     * FAQ Bibliothek
     * Zahlen und Fakten
     * Projekte
     * Geschichte
     * Ausbildungsangebote
     * Links für Bibliothekarinnen und Bibliothekare

     * Projekte 2018
     * Projekte 2017
     * Projekte 2016
     * Projekte 2015
     * StudyKing
     * EBSLG General Meeting 2015

     * Öffentliche Vorlesungen
     * Museumsnacht 2019
     * Kinder-Uni
     * HSG-Führung
     * Kunstführungen
     * Familientage Kronberg
     * Info Desk
     * Lageplan
     * Tagungsort
     * Notfall

     * Vorlesungen-Antritt-Abschied

     * 15. Museumsnacht in St.Gallen
     * Kinderprogramm
     * Führungen
     * Programmüberblick
     * Anfahrt

     * Programm Kinder-Uni
     * Konzept Kinder-Uni
     * Anmeldung Kinder-Uni

     * Galerie Kinderuni

     * Anmeldung zur HSG-Führung

     * Kunstgalerie
     * Kunstinterviews
     * Kunst Tellstrasse - art@tell

     * 2017 UArt
     * 2016 Art on Campus on the Move
     * 2015 art@tell
     * 2014 art@tell
     * 2013 art@tell
     * Medien

     * Art on Campus on the Move 2016 - Bildergalerie

     * art@tell 2015 - Bildergalerie

     * art@tell 2014 - Bildergalerie

     * art@tell 2013 - Bildergalerie

     * Angebot
     * Kulinarik
     * Luftseilbahn
     * Anreise
     * Kronbergbahn
     * Rückblick 2017
     * Unsere Partner

     * Kontakt
     * Campusplan - Google MyMap
     * Öffnungszeiten

     * Universität
     * Weiterbildungszentrum Holzweid
     * Campus-E
     * Hausordnung
     * Gastronomie

     * Preisliste und Räumlichkeiten

     * Bilder Seminar- und Plenarräume
     * Bilder Plenarsäle
     * Bilder Foyers
     * Bilder Gastronomie

     * Gastronomie Weiterbildungszentrum
     * Mensa und Cafeteria HSG-Campus

     * Standorte & Öffnungszeiten

     * Management
     * Finance
     * Economics and Political Science
     * Law
     * Humanities and Social Sciences

     * Aktuelles und Veranstaltungen
     * Über die SoM
     * Research Seminars
     * Global Centers
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Studium und Weiterbildung
     * Stellenangebote
     * Kontakt

     * Leitbild
     * Vorstand
     * Dozierende
     * Institute, Fachbereiche und Center

     * Assoziierte Professuren
     * Ordentliche Professuren
     * Ständige Dozierende und Titularprofessuren
     * Assistenzprofessuren
     * Ehrendoktorate Wirtschaftswissenschaften

     * Global Center for Customer Insight
     * Global Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation

     * Über die SoF-HSG
     * Lehre
     * Forschung
     * Stellenangebote
     * Kontakt

     * Lehrstuhlinhaber
     * Titularprofessoren
     * Assistenzprofessoren
     * Ehrendoktorate
     * Institute
     * Ressourcen

     * Bachelor
     * Master
     * Doktorat
     * Weiterbildung

     * Publikationen
     * SoF Working Paper Series
     * Forschungsseminar
     * PiF Seminar

     * Seminare
     * Forschung
     * Studienprogramme
     * Über die SEPS
     * Kontakt

     * Brown Bag Seminar
     * Forschungsseminar Econ
     * Forschungsseminar Pol
     * Seminar Quantitative Methoden

     * Diskussionspapiere
     * Rankings

     * SEPS Excellence in Teaching Award
     * VWL: Preis beste Master-Arbeit
     * Newsletter "Economics@HSG"
     * Newsletter "International Affairs@HSG"

     * Dozierende
     * Volkswirtschaftliches Departement
     * Politikwissenschaftliches Departement
     * Institute, Fachbereiche und Center

     * Professoren
     * Ständige Dozenten und Titularprofessoren
     * Assistenzprofessoren
     * Ehrendoktorate Wirtschaftswissenschaften
     * Ehrendoktorate Staatswissenschaften
     * Gastprofessoren

     * Dozierende
     * Aktivitäten

     * Administration
     * Dozierende
     * Fellows und Assistierende
     * Aktivitäten

     * Aktuelles
     * Über die Law School
     * Publikationen
     * Lehre und Weiterbildung
     * Stellenangebote
     * Kontakt

     * Lehrstühle
     * Assistenzprofessoren
     * Titularprofessoren
     * Honorarprofessoren
     * Privatdozenten
     * Gastprofessoren
     * Externe Professoren
     * Emeriti
     * Ehrendoktoren
     * Beirat
     * Struktur
     * Kompetenzzentren
     * Institute

     * Lehrstuhl Bertschinger
     * Lehrstuhl Egli
     * Lehrstuhl Ehrenzeller
     * Lehrstuhl Fassbender
     * Lehrstuhl Gschwend
     * Lehrstuhl Hettich
     * Lehrstuhl Hongler
     * Lehrstuhl Müller-Chen
     * Lehrstuhl Roberto
     * Lehrstuhl Schindler
     * Lehrstuhl Schmid
     * Lehrstuhl Wildhaber

     * Professor
     * Team und Kontakt

     * Professorin
     * Team und Kontakt

     * Professor
     * Team und Kontakt

     * Neuere Veröffentlichungen
     * Professor
     * Veröffentlichungen
     * Team und Kontakt
     * Lehrveranstaltungen
     * Moot Court

     * Professor
     * Lehre
     * Forschung
     * Kooperationen
     * Prorektorat Lehre
     * Team

     * Prof. Müller-Chen
     * Team
     * Lehre & Arbeiten
     * Forschung
     * Weiterbildung
     * Praktika

     * Forschung
     * Lehrbeauftragte
     * Lehrveranstaltungen
     * Professor
     * Publikationen
     * Team

     * Aktuell
     * Forschung
     * Lehre
     * Professor
     * Veröffentlichungen
     * Team

     * Warum Recht an der HSG?
     * Weiterbildung

     * Fachbereiche und Personen
     * Forschung
     * Lehre und Weiterbildung
     * Betreuung BA- und MA-Arbeiten
     * Gender- und Diversity-Kommission SHSS
     * Pressespiegel
     * Kontakt

     * Ziele und Aufgaben
     * Kultur und Gesellschaft Chinas
     * Deutsche Sprache und Literatur
     * Englische Sprache und Literatur
     * Französische Sprache und Literatur
     * Gender und Diversity
     * Geschichte
     * Islamwissenschaft
     * Kultur und Gesellschaft Italiens
     * Kultur- und Medienwissenschaft
     * Philosophie
     * Psychologie
     * Kultur und Gesellschaft Russlands
     * Soziologie
     * South Asian Studies
     * Spanische Sprache und Literatur
     * Transkulturelle Studien
     * Wirtschaftsethik

     * Prof. Dr. Daria Berg
     * Aktuelles
     * Team
     * Lehre
     * Doktorat
     * Forschung
     * Publikationen

     * Lehre
     * Aktuelles und Veranstaltungen
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Mitarbeitende

     * Andreas Härter
     * Carina Groener
     * Ulrike Landfester
     * Daniel Cuonz
     * Johannes Anderegg
     * Judith Michelmann

     * Lehre
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Mitarbeitende

     * Lehre
     * Aktuelles und Veranstaltungen
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Mitarbeitende

     * 14. Juni 2019
     * Lehre
     * Bachelor- und Masterarbeiten
     * Öffentliche Vorlesungen
     * Medienbeitraege
     * Aktuell
     * Team GenderDiversity

     * Forschung
     * Lehre
     * Staff

     * Lehre
     * Forschung
     * Mitarbeitende

     * Lehre
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Aktuelles und Veranstaltungen
     * Team

     * International Conference - Politics of Nature

     * Forschung
     * Lehre

     * Mitarbeitende
     * Lehre
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Aktuelles und Veranstaltungen
     * Dewey-Center Switzerland

     * Lehre
     * Forschung

     * Lehre
     * Forschung und Publikationen
     * Mitarbeitende

     * Student-Centered Learning Lab
     * Forschung
     * Lehre
     * Mitarbeitende

     * Lehrbeauftragte

     * Prof. Dr. Yvette Sánchez
     * Lehrstuhlteam
     * Lehre
     * Forschung
     * Veranstaltungen
     * Adressen und Informationen

     * Lebenslauf
     * Forschungsschwerpunkte und Forschungsprojekte
     * Akademische Gremienarbeit und Verbände
     * Organisation von Kongressen und Vortragsreihen
     * Publikationen
     * Vorträge
     * Panels, Rundfunk, Fernsehen und Printmedien, Varia

     * Emeritus Prof. Dr. Gustav Siebenmann

     * Lehrveranstaltungen
     * Gruppeneinteilung

     * Forschungsarbeiten

     * Veranstaltungen CLS

     * Teaching
     * Mitarbeitende

     * Profilbereich KIM (2009-2015)

     * Über KIM
     * Forschungsverbünde
     * Publikationen (2009-2015)
     * Archiv der Kolloquien und Konferenzen (2009-2015)
     * Lehre (2009-2015)

     * Ziele
     * Struktur und Organisation
     * Team

     * Subjektivität und kulturelle Ordnung
     * Transformation der Arbeitswelt
     * Reflexive Praktiken des Organisierens
     * Interkulturalität

     * Kontextstudium
     * Master in Management, Organisation und Kultur (MOK)
     * Doktoratsprogramm Organisation und Kultur

     * HSG Expertenservice
     * Medienmitteilungen

     * Interviews via Globelynx-Kamera

     * Engagement für die Gesellschaft
     * Stelle für Universitätsförderung
     * HSG Stiftung
     * Förderer der Universität St.Gallen
     * Fördern Sie unkompliziert
     * Danksagung
     * Kontakt

     * Aktuelle Stellenangebote
     * Die HSG als Arbeitgeberin
     * Welcome Services
     * Human Resources
     * Chancengleichheit
     * Leben in St.Gallen

     * Jobs

     * Ein Ort, der Wissen schafft
     * Stimmen von Mitarbeitenden
     * Anstellungsbedingungen
     * Angebote der Universität

     * Arbeit und Aufenthalt
     * Arbeitsvertrag
     * Informationen für Dozierende

     * Ihr Eintritt

     * An der HSG arbeiten
     * Schweiz
     * St.Gallen
     * Vor der Einreise
     * Nach der Einreise
     * Steuern & Versicherung
     * Familie

     * Lohn
     * Ressourcen & Infrastruktur
     * Services der Universität
     * Forschungs- und Universitätsförderung

     * Kinder- & Ausbildungszulagen

     * Assistierende
     * Aufteilung Ressourcen

     * Mobilität
     * Medien
     * Telefonieren & Internet

     * Greater Zurich Area
     * Region Bodensee

     * Aufenthaltsbewilligung
     * Wohnen
     * Zollformalitäten

     * Arten von Bewilligungen

     * Bank
     * Familiennachzug

     * Steuern
     * Sozialversicherungen
     * Krankenversicherung (Krankenkasse)
     * Allgemeine Versicherungen

     * Selbstdeklaration
     * Quellensteuer
     * Verrechnungssteuer

     * 1. Säule (AHV/IV)
     * 2. Säule (Berufliche Vorsorge)
     * 3. Säule (Private Vorsorge)
     * Unfallversicherung
     * Erwerbsersatzordnung (EO)

     * Kinder-Betreuung
     * Schulen

     * Eine Schule suchen

     * Team
     * Anschrift und Anfahrt

     * Tourist Information
     * Kultur
     * Gastronomie
     * Hotels und Unterkünfte
     * Wohnungsmarkt
     * Medizinische Versorgung
     * Öffentlicher Verkehr

     * Sehenswürdigkeiten
     * Theater
     * Konzerte
     * Museen

     * Beratung
     * Unternehmen
     * Sport
     * Sprachenzentrum
     * Career & Corporate Services
     * HSG Shop
     * Newsletter der HSG
     * Informatik

     * Beratungsstellen

     * Dean's Advisory Office
     * PhD Office
     * Zulassungs und Anrechnungsstelle
     * Studienfinanzierung
     * Student Mobility
     * Weiterbildungsberatung
     * Psychologische Beratung
     * Human Resources
     * Special Needs
     * Spitzensport und Studium
     * Kinderkrippen
     * Chancengleichheit
     * Ombudsstelle
     * Meldestelle für Missstände
     * Universitätsarchiv
     * Militärische Verbindungsstelle
     * Seelsorge
     * Qualitätsentwicklung
     * Writing Lab
     * Einkauf

     * Gesetzliche Grundlagen
     * Beratung
     * Nachteilsausgleich
     * Barrierefreie Universität
     * Organisation und Kooperation
     * Ansprechpersonen

     * Gleichstellungskommission
     * Gender-Monitoring

     * Rechtsgrundlagen

     * Aufgaben
     * Benutzung und Kontakt
     * Recherche

     * Wehrpflicht
     * Finanzen und Schutz
     * Studium und Militär
     * Militärische Credits
     * Informationen für Dozierende
     * Dokumente

     * Militärische Credits für die Bachelor-Stufe
     * Militärische Credits für die Master-Stufe

     * Offene Schreibberatung in der Bibliothek

     * Weiterbildung Ihrer Mitarbeitenden
     * Kooperationen mit der HSG

     * Sportangebot & Trainingsanmeldung
     * Sportanlagen
     * Über uns
     * Anlässe & Turniere
     * Öffentliche Veranstaltungen
     * Newsletter
     * Sportpartnerbörse
     * Spitzensport und Studium
     * Zulassung Unisport-Angebot
     * Vereine & Verbände
     * FAQs Unisport

     * Feedback

     * Sponsoren
     * Akademischer Sportverband
     * Leitbild

     * Media

     * Fundgegenstaende
     * Kältespray
     * Kraftraum
     * Lektionsausfaelle
     * Material
     * Oeffnungszeiten
     * Sportarzt - Physiotherapeutische Trainingsberatung - Massage
     * Teilnahmeberechtigung

     * Über das Sprachenzentrum
     * Sprachkurse im Kontextstudium
     * Intensivkurse und Workshops
     * Sprachen im Assessmentjahr
     * Sprachen für Gaststudierende
     * Sprach- und Eignungstests
     * Test-Vorbereitungskurse
     * Konversationskurse
     * Selbstlernzentrum
     * Intensivkurs Studiensprache Deutsch
     * Intensivkurs Studiensprache Englisch
     * Rosetta Stone® Online-Sprachkurs
     * Übersetzung, Lektorate & Korrekturlesen

     * Leitung & Team
     * Dozierende
     * Anfahrt
     * Events & Ausstellungen

     * Podiumsdiskussion - Prager Frühling und Ota Šiks "Dritter Weg"

     * Wissenschaftliches Schreibtraining Deutsch

     * Deutschkurse

     * Cambridge Exams (CAE & CPE)
     * Chinesisch (HSK)
     * DFP
     * GMAT®
     * IELTS
     * TEF
     * TOEFL® iBT
     * Weitere Zertifikate

     * Registration
     * On the Test Day
     * Score Report
     * FAQs

     * Prüfungsdaten und Anmeldung
     * Checkliste
     * Tipps
     * FAQs

     * TOEFL - Vorbereitungskurs
     * GMAT - Vorbereitungskurs
     * IELTS - Vorbereitungskurs
     * Weitere Test-Vorbereitungsangebote

     * Anmeldung für Studierende
     * Bewerbung als Kursleiter/-in

     * Einführung ins Arabische

     * Korrekturangebot für TOEFL-Essays
     * FAQ

     * Allgemeine Informationen
     * Rosetta Stone® Foundation
     * Rosetta Stone® Advantage

     * Anmeldung für Rosetta Stone® Foundation
     * Rosetta Stone® Foundation starten

     * HSG-IT-Benützungsvorschriften
     * Drucken und Kopieren
     * Multimedia
     * Netzwerkzugang
     * Passwort-Service (PWS)
     * SWITCH edu-ID
     * aktuelle Virenmeldungen

     * AAI Login-Nutzungsbedingungen
     * SWITCH edu-ID LoginPage
     * Mail

     * Hotspots
     * Virtual Private Network (VPN)
     * Eduroam
     * Gast Zugang

     * FAQ zu Eduroam

     * FAQ SWITCH edu-ID

     * E-Mail Notification 2019-04-04
     * E-Mail Update 2019-04-29
     * Geschwindigkeitsübertretung
     * HSG Academy - Okay
     * SVA Anfrage

   (BUTTON)
   Zurück
