United Nations Global Compact

   All (*) Participants ( )

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Who We Are
     * The SDGs
     * Participation
     * Take Action
     * Engage Locally
     * Explore Our Library

     * About
     * News
     * Sign In
     * Contact Us
     *

CEOs call for bold action to ramp up business contribution to the SDGs

   New study shows that socioeconomic, geopolitical and technological
   uncertainties have distracted CEOs’ sustainability efforts
   Learn more »
     * Environment
     * Social
     * Governance
     * See All Our Work

9,946

Companies

162

Countries

65,808

Public Reports

            87 major companies lead the way towards a 1.5°C future

   Companies announce plans to set more ambitious emissions reduction
   targets, challenging Governments to match their ambition
   Learn more

                      Young business leaders for the SDGs

   Announcing the 2019 SDG Pioneers — young business professionals who are
   advancing the Sustainable Development Goals
   Learn more

                  First SDG-linked bond raises US$ 1.5 billion

   New innovative financial instrument aims to advance the Sustainable
   Development Goals
   Learn more

                   Business Guide to the UN General Assembly

   View the guide

                           UN Global Compact Academy

   Accelerate your sustainability journey
   Learn more

     (BUTTON) Events
     (BUTTON) News
     (BUTTON) Academy

Events

   23-Sep-2019


    UN Headquarters, New York, NY, United States of America

UN Global Compact Leaders Week 2019

   Recognizing the key role that companies play in driving progress on the
   2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development,
     * 14-Oct-2019
       Grand Serail, Beirut, Lebanon

Making Global Goals Local Business - Middle East
     * 21-Oct-2019
       Turin, Italy

International Labour Standards and Corporate Social Responsibility
     * 06-Nov-2019
       Lisbon, Portugal

Making Global Goals Local Business – Iberia

     * 21-Nov-2019
       Paris, France

Child Labour Platform Global Meeting
     * 25-Nov-2019
       Palais des Nations, Geneva, Switzerland

The 2019 UN Forum on Business and Human Rights
     * 27-Nov-2019
       Geneva, Switzerland

Business 4 Peace: Bridging the Gap with Human Rights

   View All Events

News

     * 2019-09-24
       United States of America

Business contribution to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development not on
track, United Nations Global Compact and Accenture study finds
     * 2019-09-23
       United States of America

“Business Leadership for 1.5°C” report highlights vanguard of new corporate
climate leaders
     * 2019-09-22
       United States of America

United Nations Global Compact recognizes most engaged companies at Leaders
Week 2019

     * 2019-09-21
       New York, United States of America

87 major companies lead the way towards a 1.5°C future at UN Climate Action
Summit
     * 2019-09-16
       New York, United States of America

2019 SDG Pioneers announced by United Nations Global Compact
     * 2019-09-16
       New York, United States of America

Business leaders to join United Nations Global Compact Leaders Week to
address climate crisis and advance the Sustainable Development Goals

     * 2019-09-13
       United States of America

United Nations Global Compact launches principles for sustainable ocean
business
     * 2019-09-06
       United States of America

First SDG-linked bond raises US$ 1.5 billion
     * 2019-08-30
       Yokohama, Japan

Japanese and African Business Leaders come together to accelerate Africa's
progress in advancing the SDGs

   View All News

Academy

     * 21-Oct-2019

In Practice: Aligning Your Business with the Global Goals
     * 31-Oct-2019

Water Stewardship Academy: What? Why? How?
     * 12-Nov-2019

Special Briefing: UN Climate Action Summit to COP 25

     * 21-Nov-2019

Improving Long-Term Water Security — Three Steps To Setting Site Water
Targets
     * 03-Dec-2019

Learning from Peers: How to Report on the SDGs
     * 11-Dec-2019

How Companies Can Support Fundamental Freedoms — and Those That Defend Them

     * 09-Jan-2020

Developing an Integrated Health, Environment and Climate Strategy for Your
Company
     * 29-Jan-2020

The Basics of Business and Human Rights for Every Company
     * 13-Feb-2020

Special Briefing: Eliminating Harassment and Violence in the World of Work

     * 04-Mar-2020

How to Set a Science-Based Target to Achieve Net-Zero
     * 12-Mar-2020

Creating an Inclusive Environment for LGBTI Workers
     * 17-Mar-2020

How to Advance Gender Equality in the Workplace, Marketplace and the
Community

     * 31-Mar-2020

How Procurement Decisions Can Advance Decent Work in Supply Chains

   View All Academy Events

Help us transform the world through business

   Contribute Today
   Sign Up for Our Bulletin

Have a Question?

   Frequently Asked Questions
   Contact Us

Follow Us

     * Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Flickr RSS

QuickLinks

     * The Ten Principles
     * Sustainable Development Goals
     * Our Participants
     * All Our Work
     * What You Can Do
     * Careers & Opportunities
     * Join Now
     * Submit your CoP

   Tweets by @globalcompact
     * United Nations
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies Policy
     * Copyright
     * Photo Credits

   (BUTTON) AGREE We use cookies to improve our site and to analyze
   traffic. By clicking “agree”, closing this message or continuing to use
   this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in
   accordance with our Cookie Notice.
United Nations Global Compact

   All (*) Participants ( )

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Who We Are
     * The SDGs
     * Participation
     * Take Action
     * Engage Locally
     * Explore Our Library

     * About
     * News
     * Sign In
     * Contact Us
     *

CEOs call for bold action to ramp up business contribution to the SDGs

   New study shows that socioeconomic, geopolitical and technological
   uncertainties have distracted CEOs’ sustainability efforts
   Learn more »
     * Environment
     * Social
     * Governance
     * See All Our Work

9,946

Companies

162

Countries

65,808

Public Reports

            87 major companies lead the way towards a 1.5°C future

   Companies announce plans to set more ambitious emissions reduction
   targets, challenging Governments to match their ambition
   Learn more

                      Young business leaders for the SDGs

   Announcing the 2019 SDG Pioneers — young business professionals who are
   advancing the Sustainable Development Goals
   Learn more

                  First SDG-linked bond raises US$ 1.5 billion

   New innovative financial instrument aims to advance the Sustainable
   Development Goals
   Learn more

                   Business Guide to the UN General Assembly

   View the guide

                           UN Global Compact Academy

   Accelerate your sustainability journey
   Learn more

     (BUTTON) Events
     (BUTTON) News
     (BUTTON) Academy

Events

   23-Sep-2019


    UN Headquarters, New York, NY, United States of America

UN Global Compact Leaders Week 2019

   Recognizing the key role that companies play in driving progress on the
   2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development,
     * 14-Oct-2019
       Grand Serail, Beirut, Lebanon

Making Global Goals Local Business - Middle East
     * 21-Oct-2019
       Turin, Italy

International Labour Standards and Corporate Social Responsibility
     * 06-Nov-2019
       Lisbon, Portugal

Making Global Goals Local Business – Iberia

     * 21-Nov-2019
       Paris, France

Child Labour Platform Global Meeting
     * 25-Nov-2019
       Palais des Nations, Geneva, Switzerland

The 2019 UN Forum on Business and Human Rights
     * 27-Nov-2019
       Geneva, Switzerland

Business 4 Peace: Bridging the Gap with Human Rights

   View All Events

News

     * 2019-09-24
       United States of America

Business contribution to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development not on
track, United Nations Global Compact and Accenture study finds
     * 2019-09-23
       United States of America

“Business Leadership for 1.5°C” report highlights vanguard of new corporate
climate leaders
     * 2019-09-22
       United States of America

United Nations Global Compact recognizes most engaged companies at Leaders
Week 2019

     * 2019-09-21
       New York, United States of America

87 major companies lead the way towards a 1.5°C future at UN Climate Action
Summit
     * 2019-09-16
       New York, United States of America

2019 SDG Pioneers announced by United Nations Global Compact
     * 2019-09-16
       New York, United States of America

Business leaders to join United Nations Global Compact Leaders Week to
address climate crisis and advance the Sustainable Development Goals

     * 2019-09-13
       United States of America

United Nations Global Compact launches principles for sustainable ocean
business
     * 2019-09-06
       United States of America

First SDG-linked bond raises US$ 1.5 billion
     * 2019-08-30
       Yokohama, Japan

Japanese and African Business Leaders come together to accelerate Africa's
progress in advancing the SDGs

   View All News

Academy

     * 21-Oct-2019

In Practice: Aligning Your Business with the Global Goals
     * 31-Oct-2019

Water Stewardship Academy: What? Why? How?
     * 12-Nov-2019

Special Briefing: UN Climate Action Summit to COP 25

     * 21-Nov-2019

Improving Long-Term Water Security — Three Steps To Setting Site Water
Targets
     * 03-Dec-2019

Learning from Peers: How to Report on the SDGs
     * 11-Dec-2019

How Companies Can Support Fundamental Freedoms — and Those That Defend Them

     * 09-Jan-2020

Developing an Integrated Health, Environment and Climate Strategy for Your
Company
     * 29-Jan-2020

The Basics of Business and Human Rights for Every Company
     * 13-Feb-2020

Special Briefing: Eliminating Harassment and Violence in the World of Work

     * 04-Mar-2020

How to Set a Science-Based Target to Achieve Net-Zero
     * 12-Mar-2020

Creating an Inclusive Environment for LGBTI Workers
     * 17-Mar-2020

How to Advance Gender Equality in the Workplace, Marketplace and the
Community

     * 31-Mar-2020

How Procurement Decisions Can Advance Decent Work in Supply Chains

   View All Academy Events

Help us transform the world through business

   Contribute Today
   Sign Up for Our Bulletin

Have a Question?

   Frequently Asked Questions
   Contact Us

Follow Us

     * Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Flickr RSS

QuickLinks

     * The Ten Principles
     * Sustainable Development Goals
     * Our Participants
     * All Our Work
     * What You Can Do
     * Careers & Opportunities
     * Join Now
     * Submit your CoP

   Tweets by @globalcompact
     * United Nations
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies Policy
     * Copyright
     * Photo Credits

   (BUTTON) AGREE We use cookies to improve our site and to analyze
   traffic. By clicking “agree”, closing this message or continuing to use
   this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in
   accordance with our Cookie Notice.
United Nations Global Compact

   All (*) Participants ( )

   ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Who We Are
     * The SDGs
     * Participation
     * Take Action
     * Engage Locally
     * Explore Our Library

     * About
     * News
     * Sign In
     * Contact Us
     *

Private sector expected to play key role in the lead up to COP 25

   Following the UN Climate Action Summit, learn how corporate leaders can
   keep the momentum going through ambitious climate action
   Read more »
     * Environment
     * Social
     * Governance
     * See All Our Work

9,953

Companies

161

Countries

66,630

Public Reports

                            Join the 1.5°C Movement

   More than 100 companies are already stepping up to set more ambitious
   climate targets for our only future — will you join them?
   Learn more

        Watch the highlights from the SDG Media Zone at Web Summit 2019

   Watch now

                        Clear Targets for a Clean Ocean

   Lise Kingo says it's time to evolve the current conversation on the
   ocean.
   Read more

              Scaling up private finance to meet the Global Goals

   United Nations Global Compact issues new guidance for private sector to
   grow sustainability through investments in emerging and frontier
   markets
   Read more

                           UN Global Compact Academy

   Accelerate your sustainability journey
   Learn more

     (BUTTON) Events
     (BUTTON) News
     (BUTTON) Academy

Events

   05-Nov-2019


    Altice Arena & Fil, Lisbon, Portugal

SDG Media Zone at Web Summit

   The SDG Media Zone will be broadcasting live from Web Summit in Lisbon,
   Portugal from 5-7 November. Attracting around 70,000 innovators and
   ent...
     * 21-Nov-2019
       Paris, France

Child Labour Platform Global Meeting
     * 25-Nov-2019
       Palais des Nations, Geneva, Switzerland

UN Forum on Business and Human Rights 2019
     * 27-Nov-2019
       Geneva, Switzerland

Business 4 Peace: Bridging the Gap with Human Rights

     * 04-Dec-2019
       Xcaret, Mexico

Making Global Goals Local Business – Mexico

   View All Events

News

     * 2019-11-12
       New York, United States of America

Private sector expected to play key role in the lead up to COP 25
     * 2019-11-11
       China

United Nations Global Compact launches custom website for the Chinese market
     * 2019-11-07
       United States of America

United Nations Global Compact updates guidance to help General Counsel drive
the corporate sustainability agenda

     * 2019-11-05
       Portugal

United Nations Global Compact joins Web Summit to stimulate innovative
business solutions for the Global Goals
     * 2019-11-05
       United States of America

United Nations Global Compact issues new guidance for companies to leverage
technology and innovation to advance Sustainable Development Goals
     * 2019-10-29
       South Africa

United Nations Global Compact issues new guidance for private sector to grow
sustainability through investments in emerging and frontier markets

     * 2019-10-22
       United States of America

30 companies and institutional investors commit to take action to secure a
healthy and productive ocean
     * 2019-10-16
       United States of America

30 business leaders join UN push to scale up private sector investment for
sustainable development
     * 2019-10-11
       Nigeria

Stakeholders discuss solutions to address Nigeria’s sustainable development
gap

   View All News

Academy

     * 21-Nov-2019

Improving Long-Term Water Security — Three Steps To Setting Site Water
Targets
     * 03-Dec-2019

Learning from Peers: How to Report on the SDGs
     * 11-Dec-2019

How Companies Can Support Fundamental Freedoms — And Those Who Defend Them

     * 09-Jan-2020

Developing an Integrated Health, Environment and Climate Strategy for Your
Company
     * 29-Jan-2020

The Basics of Business and Human Rights for Every Company
     * 13-Feb-2020

Special Briefing: Eliminating Harassment and Violence in the World of Work

     * 26-Feb-2020

Managing Corporate Sustainability Performance Through the New SDG Action
Manager
     * 04-Mar-2020

How to Set a Science-Based Target to Achieve Net-Zero
     * 12-Mar-2020

Creating an Inclusive Environment for LGBTI Workers

     * 17-Mar-2020

How to Advance Gender Equality in the Workplace, Marketplace and the
Community
     * 31-Mar-2020

How Procurement Decisions Can Advance Decent Work in Supply Chains

   View All Academy Events

Help us transform the world through business

   Contribute Today
   Sign Up for Our Bulletin

Have a Question?

   Frequently Asked Questions
   Contact Us

Follow Us

     * Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Flickr RSS

QuickLinks

     * The Ten Principles
     * Sustainable Development Goals
     * Our Participants
     * All Our Work
     * What You Can Do
     * Careers & Opportunities
     * Join Now
     * Submit your CoP

   Tweets by @globalcompact
     * United Nations
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies Policy
     * Copyright
     * Photo Credits

   (BUTTON) AGREE We use cookies to improve our site and to analyze
   traffic. By clicking “agree”, closing this message or continuing to use
   this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in
   accordance with our Cookie Notice.
