   You are being redirected.

   You are being redirected.

   You are being redirected.

   You are being redirected.

   #Vox Recode

   Skip to main content

   We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing
   experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads,
   analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from.
   To find out more or to opt-out, please read our Cookie Policy. In
   addition, please read our Privacy Policy, which has also been updated
   and became effective May 23rd, 2018.

   By choosing I Accept, you consent to our use of cookies and other
   tracking technologies.
   (BUTTON)
   I Accept

   Recode

Recode

   Uncovering and explaining how our digital world is changing — and
   changing us.

Navigation for Recode

     * Podcasts
     * Events
     * Newsletters
     * Kara Swisher

More navigation items for Recode

     * Podcasts
     * Events
     * Newsletters
     * Kara Swisher

   (BUTTON) Show All
   Carolyn Everson, vice president of global marketing solutions at
   Facebook, onstage at the 2019 Code Media conference in Los Angeles.

   Filed under:
     * Recode

Facebook still isn’t clear about why it won’t take down false political ads

   By Emily Stewart
   Two men having a conversation while facing each other, the shorter man
   pointing at the taller.

   Filed under:
     * Recode

HBO Max wants to be the next cable bundle instead of the next Netflix

   By Jason Del Rey
   The red chairs on the Code Media 2019 stage.

   Filed under:
     * Recode

How to follow (and listen to) Recode’s Code Media conference in Los Angeles

   By Kat Borgerding
   Maven Media founder and CEO James Heckman and Sports Illustrated CEO
   Ross Levinsohn onstage at Code Media 2019.

   Filed under:
     * Recode

Sports Illustrated’s new bosses defend why they bought a brand and not a
company

   By Rani Molla
   Code Media 2019, Vice Media CEO Nancy Dubuc

   Filed under:
     * Recode

Why Vice’s new CEO thinks Vice’s former, ousted CEO doesn’t get enough credit

   By Theodore Schleifer

A pivot from tech to empowerment at bra startup ThirdLove

   By Zoe Schiffer November 18

The world’s most profitable company is about to go public

   By Lauren Katz November 17

   This stream has:
     * 5 Updates

Code Media 2019: News & updates

   By Vox Staff November 18

America’s sex education system is broken. This chatbot wants to be the
solution.

   By Delia Paunescu November 17
   Jack Dorsey on stage at a panel. Jack Dorsey on stage at a panel.

Twitter is walking into a minefield with its political ads ban

   By Emily Stewart November 15
   A close-up of a black-and-white pair of Nike-branded shoes worn on a
   basketball court. A close-up of a black-and-white pair of Nike-branded
   shoes worn on a basketball court.

Nike’s breakup with Amazon is a lose-lose situation for everyone — including
you

   By Jason Del Rey November 14
   Hasan Minhaj onstage in Netflix’s “Patriot Act.” Hasan Minhaj onstage
   in Netflix’s “Patriot Act.”

Netflix says it speaks truth to power, after all

   By Peter Kafka November 14
   The Airbnb logo is seen displayed on a smartphone. The Airbnb logo is
   seen displayed on a smartphone.

A bait-and-switch scam ran unchecked on Airbnb. Here’s how it worked.

   By Delia Paunescu November 14
   New Vox Crossword puzzles come out Monday through Saturday New Vox
   Crossword puzzles come out Monday through Saturday

Vox Crossword

   By Vox Staff November 18

How Trump is using Facebook to amplify his fight against impeachment

   By Emily Stewart and Rani Molla November 14
   Eric Schmidt seated onstage at a conference. Eric Schmidt seated
   onstage at a conference.

Google’s former CEO just committed another $1 billion to charity. But he’s
spending it on buzzwords.

   By Theodore Schleifer November 13
   People looking at their smartphones People looking at their smartphones

Dopamine fasting is Silicon Valley’s hot new trend. Is it backed by science?

   By Sigal Samuel November 13
   A man in armor holds up a weapon and dodges behind a wall. A man in
   armor holds up a weapon and dodges behind a wall.

Disney says its new Disney+ streaming service is so popular you can’t stream
it

   By Peter Kafka November 12

Why is SMS texting a mess? Fixing it is harder than you think.

   By Delia Paunescu November 12

Listen to our new podcast with never-before-told stories about Amazon’s
ascent

   By Jason Del Rey July 22
   A futuristic helmeted warrior from “The Mandalorian” Star Wars series.
   A futuristic helmeted warrior from “The Mandalorian” Star Wars series.

10 lessons for Disney, Apple, and all the new streaming companies trying to
take down Netflix

   By Matthew Ball and Alex Kruglov November 12
   Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant holds up her fist onstage in
   front of a podium. Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant holds up
   her fist onstage in front of a podium.

The Seattle politician Amazon tried to oust has declared victory

   By Jason Del Rey November 11
   T-Mobile CEO John Legere and ex-WeWork CEO Adam Neumann. T-Mobile CEO
   John Legere and ex-WeWork CEO Adam Neumann.

WeWork is reportedly in talks to hire a new CEO, and he’s a character

   By Rani Molla and Shirin Ghaffary November 11
   A man stands looking up from inside the New York Stock Exchange. A man
   stands looking up from inside the New York Stock Exchange.

Bloomberg’s Matt Levine explains Wall Street, WeWork, and how to leave
Goldman Sachs for a much lower-paying job

   By Peter Kafka November 11
   Firefighters work to put out a fire near Getty Center in Los Angeles.
   Firefighters work to put out a fire near Getty Center in Los Angeles.

Wildfires are getting worse. Can new technology make us safer?

   By Delia Paunescu November 10

Most Read on Vox

    1. Accelerationism: the obscure idea inspiring white supremacist
       killers around the world A bizarre academic philosophy has
       transfixed the fringe. The goal? To collapse the government itself.
    2. New investigation suggests Republicans took ambassadorial
       pay-to-play to new levels Trump expressed hope that the Senate
       would confirm one of his nominees. Days later, the RNC came calling
       for cash.
    3. The questions surrounding Trump’s trip to Walter Reed hospital,
       briefly explained The White House’s credibility crisis fueled
       speculation about Trump’s seemingly unplanned trip to the hospital.
    4. With impeachment, America’s epistemic crisis has arrived Can the
       right-wing machine hold the base in an alternate reality long
       enough to get through the next election?
    5. Did Rand Paul betray libertarians? The senator was once dubbed "the
       most exciting figure in politics" for libertarians. Now he’s one of
       Trump’s biggest allies. Why?

Sign up for the newsletter Recode Daily

   Email (required)
   ____________________
   By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree
   to the data transfer policy.
   (BUTTON) Subscribe

Jeff Bezos asked Michael Bloomberg months ago if he’d consider running for
president

   By Jason Del Rey November 9

One of Peter Thiel’s venture capital firms has devolved into legal chaos

   By Theodore Schleifer November 7
   The cast of Netflix’s “Queer Eye” each holding an inflatable letter,
   spelling out “Yaaas.” The cast of Netflix’s “Queer Eye” each holding an
   inflatable letter, spelling out “Yaaas.”

Now that Netflix has more streaming competitors, it suddenly cares about
ratings

   By Peter Kafka November 7
   WeWork CEO Adam Neumann holds up both hands in V-for-victory signs.
   WeWork CEO Adam Neumann holds up both hands in V-for-victory signs.

Here’s what WeWork is giving laid-off employees who aren’t named Adam Neumann

   By Shirin Ghaffary November 7

The government keeps its use of facial recognition tech secret. The ACLU is
suing.

   By Delia Paunescu November 7
   Bill Gates seated next to Warren Buffett onstage at a conference. Bill
   Gates seated next to Warren Buffett onstage at a conference.

Bill Gates on Elizabeth Warren, Jeffrey Epstein, and why he’d pay more — but
not too much more — in taxes

   By Theodore Schleifer November 6
   An Amazon employee holds an American flag outside the company’s Seattle
   headquarters. An Amazon employee holds an American flag outside the
   company’s Seattle headquarters.

Amazon tried to buy a new Seattle City Council. It doesn’t look like it
worked.

   By Jason Del Rey November 6

After a wild 8 years, Facebook’s former VP of communications is switching to
venture capital investments

   By Kara Swisher November 5
   In this photo illustration, a Twitter logo is displayed on a
   smartphone. In this photo illustration, a Twitter logo is displayed on
   a smartphone.

Twitter got rid of political ads. Will it help or hurt social media’s
influence on politics?

   By Delia Paunescu November 5
   Cutouts of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at a protest. Cutouts of
   Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at a protest.

Twitter chose to ban political ads. But pressuring Facebook to do the same
could backfire.

   By Emily Stewart November 5

HBO will be the center of a tell-all oral history book

   By Peter Kafka November 5
   A protester holds an Amazon box made into a sad face as part of a
   protest against the company’s cloud services contracts with Palantir,
   which supports ICE. A protester holds an Amazon box made into a sad
   face as part of a protest against the company’s cloud services
   contracts with Palantir, which supports ICE.

The internet is getting less free

   By Rani Molla November 5
   Bernie Sanders speaking at a rally in San Francisco. Bernie Sanders
   speaking at a rally in San Francisco.

Bernie Sanders escalates the war on tech and calls out Apple’s “hypocrisy” on
housing

   By Theodore Schleifer November 4
   A woman kneels on the pavement and chalks a message that reads, “Stop
   climate chnge.” A woman kneels on the pavement and chalks a message
   that reads, “Stop climate chnge.”

More than 1,000 Google employees signed a letter demanding the company reduce
its carbon emissions

   By Shirin Ghaffary November 4
   A Nike Vaporfly shoe. A Nike Vaporfly shoe.

Nike’s high-tech Vaporfly sneakers help athletes run 4 percent faster. Should
they be banned for providing an unfair advantage?

   By Delia Paunescu November 3
   Microsoft founders Bill Gates and Paul Allen circa 1987. Microsoft
   founders Bill Gates and Paul Allen circa 1987.

Silicon Valley billionaires keep getting richer no matter how much money they
give away

   By Theodore Schleifer November 1

Google says it won’t use your Fitbit data to target you with ads. But what
else will it do?

   By Shirin Ghaffary and Rani Molla November 1
   Google employees and contractors left their workplaces on November 1,
   2018, in New York and around the world as part of a staged a walkout
   protesting the company’s handling of sexual harassment allegations.
   Google employees and contractors left their workplaces on November 1,
   2018, in New York and around the world as part of a staged a walkout
   protesting the company’s handling of sexual harassment allegations.

Can employee activism change Google? Revisiting the employee walkout one year
later.

   By Delia Paunescu November 1
   US-INTERNET-SEXISM-COMPANY-GOOGLE-assault
   US-INTERNET-SEXISM-COMPANY-GOOGLE-assault

It’s been a year since 20,000 Google employees walked off the job. And
they’re madder than ever.

   By Shirin Ghaffary November 1
   A stack of Edward Snowden’s new book “Permanent Record.” A stack of
   Edward Snowden’s new book “Permanent Record.”

Edward Snowden says Facebook is just as untrustworthy as the NSA

   By Shirin Ghaffary October 31

Pagination

   More Stories

   Chorus
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * GDPR Commitment
     * Communications Preferences

     * Contact
     * Send Us a Tip
     * Masthead
     * About Us
     * Editorial Ethics and Guidelines

   All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details.
   Vox Media Vox Media logo. Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2019 Vox
   Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved
