   #Football Weeks » Feed Football Weeks » Comments Feed

Football Weeks

Football News, Transfers, Features, EPL Fixtures & Tables

   ☰
     * Home
     * EPL
          + Arsenal
          + Chelsea
          + Manchester United
          + Liverpool
          + Manchester City
          + Tottenham Hotspur
          + West Ham
          + AFC Bournemouth
          + Crystal Palace
          + Everton
          + Leicester City
          + Newcastle United
          + Southampton F.C.
          + Watford F.C.
     * EFL Championship
          + Aston Villa
          + Birmingham City
          + Blackburn Rovers
          + Brentford
          + Brighton
          + Brighton & Hove Albion
          + Bristol City
          + Fulham F.C.
          + Huddersfield Town
          + Ipswich Town
          + Leeds United
          + Norwich City F.C.
          + Nottingham Forest F.C.
     * Other Top Leagues
          + Paris Saint Germain
          + Real Madrid
          + F.C. Barcelona
          + Bayern Munich
          + Borussia Dortmund
          + Atletico Madrid
          + Lyon
          + Monaco
          + Nice
          + AC Milan
          + Inter Milan
          + Juventus
          + Napoli
     * Opinions
     * Scout Report
     * SPFL
          + Celtic F.C.
          + Rangers F.C.

Chelsea v Liverpool: Jurgen Klopp’s expected 4-3-3 line-up to face Chelsea

   September 21, 2019
   Chelsea General Football News Liverpool Premier League
   Chelsea v Liverpool

   Liverpool will be keen on returning to ways after their midweek
   Champions League defeat to Napoli. The Reds 2-0 loss at San Paolo
   Stadium shouldn’t be cause for too much concern, given that they faced
   a similarly poor run of form in the group stage of the last edition of
   the UEFA Champions League, but […]

   Read Post

The Manchester United Guide for 2020

   September 4, 2019
   General Football News Manchester United Premier League Transfers
   United

   The 28th season in the Premier League for Man U has proven to be a
   successful page in history for the English pro footballers. Whats makes
   this season all the more interesting is that it is the first year under
   the guidance of Ole Gunner who became apart of the team in March 2019.
   The […]

   Read Post

Three best Manchester City v Tottenham Hotspur match

   August 22, 2019
   General Football News Manchester City Premier League Tottenham Hotspur
   Man City v Tottenham

   Manchester City once again failed to get the victory against Tottenham
   even though they dominated possession and created better chances. City
   fans thought that they had won it late on through Gabriel Jesus, only
   for the VAR to deny them victory once again just like in the Champions
   League quarter-final. The rivalry took another turn […]

   Read Post

Premier League 2019/20 Predictions: Who will win the EPL title?

   August 17, 2019
   General Football News Premier League

   The new Premier League season has begun, and now everyone is wondering
   who the next English Champions will be. Manchester City and Liverpool
   look like the clear favorites but Tottenham could also be a good
   contender for the Premier League title. Manchester City Pep Guardiola
   has established one of the best teams in Europe. The […]

   Read Post

The five biggest transfers of the 2019 summer transfer window

   August 16, 2019
   Arsenal Atletico Madrid Bayern Munich Chelsea F.C. Barcelona General
   Football News Lille Opinion Real Madrid Transfers

   The Spanish clubs have made the headlines this summer by doing all the
   big businesses in this transfer window. At the beginning of the
   transfer window, Real Madrid signed Eden Hazard for £88million, then
   Barcelona and Atletico Madrid eclipsed that price-tag by landing two
   big players. Bayern Munich, Juventus and Manchester United also showed
   their […]

   Read Post

Paul Pogba is still unsure about his future at Manchester United

   August 15, 2019
   General Football News Manchester United Transfers
   Paul Pogba

   Paul Pogba’s latest statements have re-opened the debate about his
   future at Manchester United. The France international had already
   stated his desire to take on a ‘new challenge’ this summer and now he
   has sparked fresh speculation by saying that ‘question mark remains’
   over his future at the club. Speaking to a French radio station, the
   […]

   Read Post

All you need to know about Liverpool target Harvey Elliot

   July 29, 2019
   Liverpool Premier League Transfers
   Liverpool crest

   Reigning European Champions Liverpool F.C’s activity this summer
   transfer window so far have been quiet. Coming from the back of their
   recent European success, and finishing runners-up to the Premier
   League, there seems to be somewhat a sigh of satisfaction with Jurgen
   Klopp and the rest of the team. Whereas in the summer of 2018, […]

   Read Post

Norwich City: From Championship’s mid-table obscurity to Premier League
paradise

   June 23, 2019
   General Football News Norwich City F.C. Premier League
   Norwich City

   The Championship is wildly unpredictable, but experts don’t shy away
   from making bold claims about this league every year, even if only to
   prove the inadequacies in their own analysis. Just consider the number
   of self-assured people we all came across before the beginning of the
   2018-19 season who were fiercely arguing in favor of […]

   Read Post

Reports: Serie A side demands €20m for Leicester City target

   June 16, 2019
   Leicester City Transfers

   Leicester City have been told to offer a whooping €20m fee if they want
   to sign their summer target in SPAL striker Andrea Petagna. As reported
   by Italian news outlet Calcio Mercato, the Serie A side are set to sign
   him permanently at the end of the season, which they are now looking to
   exercise […]

   Read Post

Tottenham locked in talks with Lyon over mega £60m deal – reports

   June 16, 2019
   Tottenham Hotspur Transfers

   Sky Sports are reporting Premier League giants Tottenham Hotspur to be
   in talks with Olympique Lyonnais over the signing of Tanguy NDombele in
   the summer transfer window. The report, though, has claimed that the
   Premier League club and the French outfit are still far from agreeing
   on a deal. The report, however, comes after reports […]

   Read Post
   « Older posts

Like us on Facebook

     Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter

   My Tweets

Follow us on Instagram

   No images found!
   Try some other hashtag or username
   Search for: ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

Honours

   Top Sports Blogs

   [football_news_216px.png]

Pages

     * About us
     * Advertise
     * Authors
     * Contact us
     * Editorial Standards
     * Links
     * Write For FW

As Featured On:

About

   Established in late 2016, Football Weeks is an online football news
   portal updated daily with Insightful Opinions, Transfer Analysis,
   Fantasy Football Tips relating to top European Football Leagues.
   Bookmark us for your updated Premier League Fixtures and Results.

Blogroll

   Arsenal Blogs

   1000 Goals

   www gooner

   Tesla Bet

   Angry Of Islington

   The Football Lab

   Football News

   Football Results

   Why Say Anything

   Football News

   Soccerphile

   Soccer Stats

   Football News Today

   Soccer Blogger

   Live Soccer Scores

   The Soccer Daily

   Milan Mania

   Anfield Family

   Fantasy Football 247

   Injuries and Suspensions

   Arsenal Core

   Man City Core

   Football Livescore

   Retro United

RSS F/W’s RSS Feed

     * Chelsea v Liverpool: Jurgen Klopp’s expected 4-3-3 line-up to face
       Chelsea
     * The Manchester United Guide for 2020
     * Three best Manchester City v Tottenham Hotspur match
     * Premier League 2019/20 Predictions: Who will win the EPL title?
     * The five biggest transfers of the 2019 summer transfer window

   Web Analytics
   #Football Weeks » Feed Football Weeks » Comments Feed Adam Lallana
   suffers thigh injury in loss to Atletico Madrid Why Michy Batshuayi was
   ‘laughing at Alvaro Morata’s penalty miss’ v Arsenal alternate
   alternate

Football Weeks

Football News, Transfers, Features, EPL Fixtures & Tables

   ☰
     * Home
     * EPL
          + Arsenal
          + Chelsea
          + Manchester United
          + Liverpool
          + Manchester City
          + Tottenham Hotspur
          + West Ham
          + AFC Bournemouth
          + Crystal Palace
          + Everton
          + Leicester City
          + Newcastle United
          + Southampton F.C.
          + Watford F.C.
     * EFL Championship
          + Aston Villa
          + Birmingham City
          + Blackburn Rovers
          + Brentford
          + Brighton
          + Brighton & Hove Albion
          + Bristol City
          + Fulham F.C.
          + Huddersfield Town
          + Ipswich Town
          + Leeds United
          + Norwich City F.C.
          + Nottingham Forest F.C.
     * Other Top Leagues
          + Paris Saint Germain
          + Real Madrid
          + F.C. Barcelona
          + Bayern Munich
          + Borussia Dortmund
          + Atletico Madrid
          + Lyon
          + Monaco
          + Nice
          + AC Milan
          + Inter Milan
          + Juventus
          + Napoli
     * Opinions
     * Scout Report
     * SPFL
          + Celtic F.C.
          + Rangers F.C.

What is the ABBA penalty shootout format? The new spot-kicks used at the
Community Shield explained

   August 7, 2017
   Posted by Liam
   [INS: :INS]

The new ‘ABBA’ penalty shoot-out format was used for Sunday’s Community
Shield clash between Chelsea and Arsenal.

With the match ending all square after 90 minutes, the London rivals headed
straight into a shoot-out to decide the winner and a new system, aimed at
being fairer on the team taking the second penalty, was trialled.

The new system is based on the format used in tennis tie-breaks, with the
team taking the first kick in each pair of kicks alternating, so AB BA AB BA
and so on instead of AB AB AB AB etc.

“The FA has today announced that a different order of kicks for Kicks from
the Penalty Mark (KFPM) will be trialled at Sunday’s FA Community Shield
supported by McDonald’s – the first time the new format will be used
competitively in the country,” the FA said in a statement.

This new format will be used across all English Football League tournaments
from this season but the first chance to see the format at work could now
come this weekend at Wembley.

   [INS: :INS]

FIFA and UEFA have trialled the system on the international stage and now it
will be introduced in the EFL Cup, EFL trophy and playoffs at the end of the
season.

Traditionally, English clubs have used the ABAB system, with each club taking
it in terms to strike a spot kick.

The thinking behind the new system is the idea that there is greater mental
pressure on the player taking the second kick in ABAB format, thus the
advantage for the team striking first being minimised by using ABBA.

Shaun Harvey, EFL Chief Executive said: “We welcome innovation at the EFL and
I am pleased to see that the EFL is able to play its part in an important
development for football.

“IFAB have identified a theory that the current arrangements for penalty
kicks potentially provide an unfair advantage to the team taking the first
kick so we are keen to see if the new system has an impact on one of the most
discussed issues in football.

“We all want football matches to be decided in a fair and consistent manner
and I am sure the new system will add an interesting dynamic to the
conclusion of matches in our competitions if required.”

   Facebook Comments
   [INS: :INS]

Share this:

     *
     * Tweet
     *

       IFRAME:
       https://www.reddit.com/static/button/button1.html?newwindow=true&wi
       dth=120&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.footballweeks.com%2Fabba-penalty-shoo
       tout-format-new-spot-kicks-used-community-shield-explained%2F&title
       =What%20is%20the%20ABBA%20penalty%20shootout%20format%3F%20The%20ne
       w%20spot-kicks%20used%20at%20the%20Community%20Shield%20explained

     * WhatsApp
     * Email
     * [pinit_fg_en_rect_gray_20.png]
     *

   Updated: August 7, 2017 at 10:52
   ◀ Adam Lallana suffers thigh injury in loss to Atletico Madrid
   Why Michy Batshuayi was ‘laughing at Alvaro Morata’s penalty miss’ v
   Arsenal ▶

About the Author

   Avatar

Liam

   Bertrand Francois is the editor of Football Weeks. An experienced
   online and print journalist, Jamie has worked for Arsenal Presser,
   Football Hitz and countless other media sources over the years. He is
   from Republic Du Benin and lives in the busiest town Cotonou. -
   Facebook and Twitter
   [INS: :INS]

Like us on Facebook

     Like us on Facebook

Follow us on Twitter

   My Tweets

Follow us on Instagram

   No images found!
   Try some other hashtag or username
   Search for: ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

Honours

   Top Sports Blogs

   [football_news_216px.png]

Pages

     * About us
     * Advertise
     * Authors
     * Contact us
     * Editorial Standards
     * Links
     * Write For FW

As Featured On:

About

   Established in late 2016, Football Weeks is an online football news
   portal updated daily with Insightful Opinions, Transfer Analysis,
   Fantasy Football Tips relating to top European Football Leagues.
   Bookmark us for your updated Premier League Fixtures and Results.

Blogroll

   Arsenal Blogs

   1000 Goals

   www gooner

   Tesla Bet

   Angry Of Islington

   The Football Lab

   Football News

   Football Results

   Why Say Anything

   Football News

   Soccerphile

   Soccer Stats

   Football News Today

   Soccer Blogger

   Live Soccer Scores

   The Soccer Daily

   Milan Mania

   Anfield Family

   Fantasy Football 247

   Injuries and Suspensions

   Arsenal Core

   Man City Core

   Football Livescore

   Retro United

RSS F/W’s RSS Feed

     * Chelsea v Liverpool: Jurgen Klopp’s expected 4-3-3 line-up to face
       Chelsea
     * The Manchester United Guide for 2020
     * Three best Manchester City v Tottenham Hotspur match
     * Premier League 2019/20 Predictions: Who will win the EPL title?
     * The five biggest transfers of the 2019 summer transfer window

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________ loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   Web Analytics
