   Grief Guidance
   Book
   Podcast
   Community
   Courses
   Speaking
   About
   Press & Interviews
   Contact
     __________________________________________________________________

   Shelby Forsythia is an Intuitive Grief Guide and host of the Coming
   Back: Conversations on Life After Loss podcast. Find direction, get
   support, and cultivate empathy by scheduling a free grief guidance
   consultation:
   Schedule

   ____________________

   Shelby Forsythia
   Shelby-Forsythia-Full-Body Shelby-Forsythia-Full-Body

One-on-One Guidance to Help You Navigate Life After Loss

Find Direction • Feel Supported • Cultivate Compassion

   Schedule a Free Consultation
   Read FAQ

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Brilliant, kind, compassionate.”

   — Amy E.

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
Soothing and so intuitive. Like soup for the soul.

   — Emily R.

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
Shelby makes my heart feel at ease.

   — Kate R.

Are you struggling to navigate life after loss?

     * Are you feeling lost, trapped, or overwhelmed?
     * Do you feel like you have to be the perfect griever?
     * Want to talk to somebody who “just gets it”?

     * Don’t know where or how your loss fits into your life?
     * Do you want to get your feet back under you?
     * Sick of feeling like you have to go it alone?

Your grief is welcome here.

   Schedule a Free Consultation

Become a better griever.

   Find-Direction-Graphic-Shelby-Forsythia
   Find-Direction-Graphic-Shelby-Forsythia

Find Direction

   Feeling lost or stuck? Stop the mind-circling anxiety of grief with
   simple exercises to get grounded and clear on where to go next.
   Get+Support.jpg Get+Support.jpg

Feel Supported and Seen

   Isolation is the most common response to grief. Get non-judgmental
   support from someone who “just gets it.”
   Radical-Compassion-Graphic-Shelby-Forsythia
   Radical-Compassion-Graphic-Shelby-Forsythia

Cultivate Radical Compassion

   Loss is hard enough without the pressure of doing it “right.” Learn to
   ease up on yourself and your grief with easy, heartfelt tools.
   Schedule a Free Consultation
   Read FAQ
   Shelby-Forsythia-Headshot-Sitting Shelby-Forsythia-Headshot-Sitting

Let’s get growing.
Your first consultation is free.

   Schedule a Free Consultation

   © 2016-2019 Shelby Forsythia, LLC. All rights reserved.
   Chicago, IL | 312.725.3043
   Bereavement Cruise
   Blog
   Disclaimer
   Donate
   Grief Guidance
   Book
   Podcast
   Community
   Courses
   Speaking
   About
   Press & Interviews
   Contact
     __________________________________________________________________

   Shelby Forsythia is an Intuitive Grief Guide and host of the Coming
   Back: Conversations on Life After Loss podcast. Find direction, get
   support, and cultivate empathy by scheduling a free grief guidance
   consultation:
   Schedule

   ____________________

   Shelby Forsythia

Create grace, space, and room to breathe in the aftermath of loss by granting
yourself Permission to Grieve.

   Buy Now
   Want an Autographed Copy? Buy a Bookplate

   Permission+to+Grieve+Book+Cover+White+Background
   Permission+to+Grieve+Book+Cover+White+Background
   Buy Now

About the Book

   A powerful permission slip for anyone facing the devastating heartbreak
   that comes with death, divorce, diagnosis, and so much more.

   When loss steamrolls through, there’s a lot of hidden and not-so-hidden
   “rules” about the way you’re “supposed” to grieve: “You should be over
   it after a year.” “Put on a brave face.” “Keep your grief at home.”

   Permission to Grieve calls out society’s garbage rules for what they
   really are: toxic and repressive narratives that insist we abandon our
   true selves in the face of grief. Shelby asks instead:
     * What if we allowed grief the freedom to influence our emotions?
     * What if we allowed grief the power to alter our identities at home,
       school, and work?
     * What if we allowed grief to show up in the physical world through
       art, memorial, and ritual?
     * What if we gave ourselves… Permission to Grieve?

   Drawing on her experience as a grieving person and two years’ worth of
   interviews with grief experts like Megan Devine, Kerry Egan, and Caleb
   Wilde, Shelby Forsythia makes the case for radical, self-honoring
   permission—free from personal judgement and society’s restrictive
   timelines and rules. Permission to Grieve guides you to call your grief
   out of hiding and invites you to give it permission through thoughtful
   writing prompts, easy-to-follow exercises, and clever visual
   illustrations.

In this book you’ll learn:

     * How society encourages us to practice life-rejection and
       self-abandonment instead of expressing our grief
     * The three big permissions that unlock the emotions, identities, and
       actions our grief wants to express—featuring insights from podcast
       guests and Shelby Forsythia’s personal grief community
     * Tips and tricks for practicing permission to grieve in the real
       world—including how to ask for permission to grieve from friends,
       family, and coworkers and tools for helping others tap into their
       own permission to grieve

   Permission to Grieve is not a hall pass from a higher authority; it’s a
   personal practice that is strengthened with self-awareness, attention,
   and love. You don’t have to wait to receive permission to grieve; you
   already have it.

   Permission to Grieve is a book for people who are tired of covering up
   and pushing down their pain. It’s a book for people who know that
   there’s a better, more compassionate way to approach the worst thing
   that has ever happened to them. It’s a book for people who believe that
   grief is not an enemy to be vanquished as quickly as possible, but an
   opportunity to connect more deeply with their human selves. Because
   even in the midst of loss, Shelby writes, we can create grace, space,
   and room to breathe.
   Buy Now
   Want an Autographed Copy? Buy a Bookplate

Praise for Permission to Grieve:

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Through no choice, or fault of yours, grief has entered your life. No one
needs to remind or tell you that this is a devastating experience. By sharing
her life experiences and revelations, Shelby offers a heartfelt and honest
approach to learn to allow your grief to have its voice. Whatever voice your
grief needs and whatever way you need to give it life. You had no choice when
the grief entered your life. I invite you to choose to read Permission to
Grieve.”

   — Glen Lord, founder of The Grief Toolbox

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“This book is a gift that needs to be on the shelves in every hospice and
grief-centered counseling office.”

   — Dr. Sharon Prentice, psychotherapist, counselor, and author of
   Becoming Starlight

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“In a culture that so desperately wants to push the reality of loss away from
our day-to-day lives, Shelby’s book offers education, gentle prompts, tips
and ‘permission’ to fully express and integrate the flow of grief into our
daily lives.”

   — Marni Henderson, founder of Coalesce Discovery

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Combining compassion and practicality, this book can help anyone who is
grieving, offering tools and insights to help navigate life-altering loss.”

   — Debbie Augenthaler, LMHC, NCC, and author of You Are Not Alone, A
   Heartfelt Guide to Grief, Healing, and Hope

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Shelby’s candor and humor are raw, her wisdom insightful, and her passion
that we all have permission to grieve unwavering.”

   — Annah Elzabeth, founder of The Five Facets of Healing

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“A beautiful revelation of her own loss story combined with what she then
learned as a ‘student of grief,’ this book is for anyone who has lost someone
or something important.”

   — Sunny Joy McMillan, master life coach and author of Unhitched

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“A thoughtful blend of personal insights, shared stories, and well-curated
tools to help guide me through a very rough time.”

   — Jessica Waite, founder of Endless Stories

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Practical, compassionate, and contemplative—a perfect companion for the
sensitive souls seeking something to help them move forward.”

   — Katie Huey, creator of 52 Beautiful Things

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Shelby’s book transparently unleashes the relentless power of grief. She
helps reduce the stigma associated with grieving by explaining there is no
shame or judgment in the process. This is especially relevant for survivors
of suicide loss.”

   — Robin Chodak, grief coach and author of Be Gentle with Me, I’m
   Grieving and Moving to Excellence

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Well-meaning friends and family like to whitewash grief’s messiness. Shelby
helps you take your power back with doable, healing tools. Feelings of
isolation and stagnation melt with each chapter. Readers learn to befriend
grief and discover bold, bright new tomorrows await.”

   — Marlie Rowell, creator of Suicide Widow Etiquette

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
”Permission to Grieve really gives you permission to live!”

   — Darwyn M. Dave, podcast host of Dealing with My Grief

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Hold this book close to your heart. It won't take away the hurt, but it will
give you a roadmap for how to carry it forward.”

   — Stephenie Zamora, founder of Stephenie Zamora Media

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
”Insightful, honest, no-nonsense. I predict that I'll be referencing this
book often as I continue on my own journey of growth.”

   — Susan Angel Miller, author of Permission to Thrive

⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
“Brings loss out from the abyss of darkness back into the light.”

   — Sharon Ehlers, founder of Grief Reiki

Share Permission to Grieve

   HASHTAGS: Please use #permissiontogrieve and #shelbyforsythia when
   sharing!

   IMAGES: Right click or tap to save.
   Permission to Grieve on Black Permission to Grieve on Black
   Permission to Grieve on Black
   Permission to Grieve on White Permission to Grieve on White
   Permission to Grieve on White
   Permission to Grieve on Grey Permission to Grieve on Grey
   Permission to Grieve on Grey
   Expectation vs. Reality Expectation vs. Reality
   Expectation vs. Reality
   Death of Life As You Know It + Self As You Know It Death of Life As You
   Know It + Self As You Know It
   Death of Life As You Know It + Self As You Know It
   Mind-Circling Mind-Circling
   Mind-Circling
   The Waves of Grief The Waves of Grief
   The Waves of Grief
   You Can't "Push Through" Grief You Can't "Push Through" Grief
   You Can't "Push Through" Grief
   Replace Their Story with Your Story Replace Their Story with Your Story
   Replace Their Story with Your Story

   Shelby-Forsythia-Headshot-Sitting Shelby-Forsythia-Headshot-Sitting

Let’s get growing.
Your first consultation is free.

   Schedule a Free Consultation

   © 2016-2019 Shelby Forsythia, LLC. All rights reserved.
   Chicago, IL | 312.725.3043
   Bereavement Cruise
   Blog
   Disclaimer
   Donate
