
   (BUTTON) [QuoteFlare-Logo-145x78.png] QuoteFlare
     * Home
     * Intro
     * Quote Centers™
     * Features
     * More
     * Testimonials
     * FAQ
     * Price
     * Login Signup

   [QuoteFlare-logo.png]

Instant Quoting

   QuoteFlare Instant Quoting and Booking Technology transforms your
   website from a glorified business card into a sales making, time
   saving, customer interface.
     * 24/7 access to your services for customers
     * Easily customize to fit your pricing structure
     * Quote from website, office, and onsite
     * Create beautiful quotes and track success
     * Access your quotes from anywhere

   Please update to a modern browser.
   ____________________
   ____________________
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Start a Free Trial Now

Instant Web Quoting and Booking

   With QuoteFlare your customers find what they are looking for 24/7,
   before your competition even shows up for an estimate.

Offer Fast Quotes Over the Phone, and Onsite

   Your team can now create and edit accurate quotes for over the phone
   and onsite from any computer, tablet, or smartphone.

Measure Success in a Meaningful Way

   Finally a way to see the effectiveness of your website, sales team, and
   company over time. Improvement is now possible.
     __________________________________________________________________

Your Website Has a Problem.

Your customers are Bouncing!

   As your potential customers visit your website, most of them are not
   finding what they are looking for and leaving quickly after visiting
   only a page or 2. We call this a bounce and its your worst nightmare as
   a business owner!

   Bounces:
     * Leave no contact information
     * Represent lost sales and marketing dollars
     * Represent ineffectiveness of a website
     * Are difficult to see and track vs. sales
     * Must be tracked, and minimized

   Read on to learn how to Stop the Bounce

Have a Question?

   Give us a call at 855-QUOTEFLARE

Without QuoteFlare

     * High bounce rate
     * Lost sales to unknown site visitors
     * Wasted marketing spent on traffic
     * Ineffective website with no data
     * Quotes untracked

With QuoteFlare

     * Improved bounce rate
     * Capture more leads and more sales
     * Spend marketing efforts confidently
     * Efficient website with meaningful data
     * Track all quotes and bookings

Quote Centers™

   A Quote Center™ is a quoting system which you can easily customize and
   manage from your QuoteFlare account. Click on a tile to see an example
   of a customizable Quote Center template. Please feel free to try out as
   many as you like! To see the sample notifications go ahead and put in a
   valid email address.

View Sample

Quote Center Template: Maid Service 2

Maid Service 2 is simple straightforward layout which gathers information
about the job site such as home size and number of people living in the home
and calculates a package option for each type of service available. It also
comes with add-on services such as oven cleaning built in.

View Sample

Quote Center Template: Maid Service 4

Maid Service 4 is an advanced template with multiple package options for each
service type and optional add ons such as fridge cleaning built in. It gives
your customer flexibility to up-sell themselves on which ever type of service
they are looking for, be it recurring or one time.

View Sample

Quote Center Template: Maid Service 5

Maid Service 5 is a simple template designed to offer blocks of hourly time.
This gives you the ability to provide a quote with various packages broken
down by the amount of time the customer would like you to be cleaning at
their home.

View Sample

Quote Center Template: Window Cleaning (by the pane)

Window Cleaning (by the pane) is a template designed to price by the pane and
optionally by the screen. It has a variety of pane types built in and can be
easily customized to price by any type of pane you would like. It also has
pricing for sunscreens built in, also optional if your market doesn't have
them.

View Sample

Quote Center Template: Window Cleaning (by home size)

Window Cleaning (by home size) is designed to offer the customer an estimate
with multiple package options based primarily on the size of home they live
in plus a number of other factors including number of stories, amount of
ladder work, and if they have French paned windows. There are a variety of
other factors built in that are optional and the template is very
customizable.

View Sample

Quote Center Template: Pressure Washing

This Pressure Washing Quote Center template is brings roof cleaning,
downspouts, house washing, and driveways together into one quoting system.
Easily customizable to offer more or less services in one Quote Center.

   View More Samples
   (BUTTON) ×

QuoteFlare's Top Features

   Get highly customizable instant and backend quoting with these great
   features and more...

∞

Unlimited Quotes

   You can provide as many quotes and bookings as you want. There is no
   limit.

Install Anywhere

   You can install each Quote Center in as many places as you want, on as
   many pages as you want. You can even install it on your facebook.

Instant and Backend Quotes

   Not only can your customers get instant quotes, but you can also offer
   phone and field quotes too. With all quotes and bookings tracked in one
   place, see your company for the first time.

Quote Center Templates

   Our many Quote Center templates give you a good place to start to make
   getting going in the right direction a snap.

Awesome Help

   Get expert training and help from our team. We will help you get
   implemented so you can be providing more quotes sooner.

High Customizablilty

   QuoteFlare's is about flexibility first. Hey, we could have just built
   a hard coded "form" the way we thought it should be, but we wanted you
   to have the control to customize what you want.
   × Note! With QuoteFlare you can customize almost anything, and you can
   price any way imaginable!

How does QuoteFlare stop the bounce?

   How do we do it? Put yourself in your customer's shoes for a moment.
   They found your website while searching for your services, but in this
   day and age, they weren't planning to talk to a pushy sales person, or
   schedule an appointment with one. They were looking for a quick
   solution to their needs without all the hassle of picking up the phone
   or filling out a "request form" and pressing submit. In short, they
   were looking for instant service. If they don't see it, they'll leave
   quickly, and they won't leave a note! QuoteFlare helps you provide the
   instant service they desire, and it tracks your impressions vs quotes
   vs bookings so you can actually see your website's and your company's
   effectiveness over time, so you can improve.

More About QuoteFlare

   Learn a little more about our company
     * Introductory Video
     * About Us
     * Founders

   Please update to a modern browser.

About Us

   QuoteFlare Story

   In 2010, Josh Lawlor of Clearco Window Cleaning in Phoenix Arizona was
   looking for ways to give his customers easier access to their services.
   He had already developed a system for providing phone quotes quickly,
   that his office team could use reliably and his customers loved. He
   wanted a way to make his website more effective also, and give visitors
   to his site the ability to get services anytime instantly. As he
   explored this idea he found very few options, if any, available to do
   it. Setting out to accomplish this he teamed up with his brother, Casey
   Lawlor, a software engineer, and went to work. QuoteFlare was born out
   of the process of building out a way to give customers who came to
   websites what they were really looking for- fast easy access to
   services. QuoteFlare is now a reasonably priced yet robust platform for
   creating and managing quoting systems we call Quote Centers™ and we
   help companies across multiple industries and countries sell more
   services by giving instant quotes by website, phone, and in the field.

Josh Lawlor

   Founder, CEO, & Graphic Designer

Casey Lawlor

   CTO & UI Expert

Ready to get started with QuoteFlare?

   ____________________
   ____________________
   ____________________
   (BUTTON) Get Started for Free

Testimonials

   Don't just take our word for it. Here's a few testimonials.

   Having used QuoteFlare for 6 months now, I can say without question it
   has not only saved me money on windshield time, it has helped increase
   our sales YTD. Many consumers these days want pricing now. In the fast
   paced world we live in, QuoteFlare helps my company stay ahead of my
   competitors by giving my potential customers immediate pricing, and
   helps increase my bottom line. I also like QuoteFlare over other online
   estimators because I have complete control over both the questions I
   want answered by my potential buyers, and the pricing levels I set. The
   benefits of this program far outweigh the cost. QuoteFlare has been
   very helpful in setting up, helping us get it running properly and with
   any questions we have had.
   Jeff Klass - First Klass Window Cleaning Inc.
   Wisconsin

   We have been using Quoteflare for almost a year and we have been more
   than delighted with the system. Previously, we used a Google form to
   capture leads information and that didn’t look professional nor was it
   effective. With QuoteFlare we are able to provide an instant quote so
   people know right away if the price and services match their needs. We
   have seen a growth in our business since we started using QuoteFlare
   and most important, no more driving to estimates at homes, that saves
   us time and money. We can quote 24/7. We are also able to capture all
   the info we need from our potential clients and use it to follow up on
   their quotes. All in all, great booking technology!
   Jorge and Maricela Levia - Bee Maids
   Texas

   This program saves us so much time on the phone and drastically cuts
   costs for office labor. QuoteFlare also helps us sell services which we
   did not maximize in the past. It is extremely easy to use and I am so
   glad we decided to have it be part of our business. Last year we really
   saw it's impact on our window cleaning and pressure washing services
   but this coming year we plan to see it's benefits on several additional
   services we plan to market. I was not sure how it would affect our
   business before we began but could not be more pleased with the
   results. Thank you so much!
   Brett Wadley - Wadley Services
   Utah

   We stumbled upon this program for a new business venture that we were
   starting. We contacted the staff at QuoteFlare and they were very
   helpful in setting up our account. With online type companies you just
   don't get that live person help. As for the product itself, we could
   not be happier with the outcome. It gives us the freedom of bidding
   each and every job that we may or may not get. It also gives our
   customers, or potential customers, a way to get a quote on their own
   without any pressure. Because of the success we've had with our company
   and QuoteFlare being an integral part of our business, we are now
   looking to expand into other territories. QuoteFlare has been
   instrumental in helping with that growth.
   Loren Dougherty - Solar Butler LLC
   California
    1.
    2.
    3.
    4.

     *
     *
     *
     *

Frequently Asked Questions

   Still have questions? Here are some common ones.

How do I install QuoteFlare?

   Installing QuoteFlare is as easy as placing an image or a link on your
   website. For each Quote Center you have we give you a snippet of code
   to place on your site where you want to display it.

How do I setup QuoteFlare to work with my business?

   QuoteFlare is designed to provide your business with maximum
   flexibility so you don't need to change the look of your site, or the
   way you price or do business in order to offer instant quotes. We make
   it easy to produce your Quote Center with Quote Center Templates. After
   you have chosen a template you like for your Quote Center, you can make
   additions and fine tune changes in My Quote Center Control Panel.

My company only does on-site estimates, why would I want to use QuoteFlare?

   Different companies have different levels of comfort with phone quotes
   and instant quotes and thats ok. QuoteFlare is a robust quoting
   platform for designing custom quoting systems. It is powerful for
   quoting in the field, over the phone, and instantly from a website, and
   bringing all of these together into one place for incredible business
   metrics and success. For instant quoting from your website, QuoteFlare
   provides what the customer has been looking for and helps them to
   decide not to "bounce" from your website without a trace. QuoteFlare
   helps you make a great impression in more ways than one. Your customer
   will save time by using your Quote Center to get a price. They will
   have an accurate price instantly, and won't need to schedule an
   appointment with you at a later time just to get one. They will have
   the chance to view other services you offer which they may be
   interested in. They will have your price and the instant ability to
   accept and book before and after they leave your site. You will save
   money, time, and gas while getting more leads, closing more sales, and
   at a higher ticket size.

If I go ahead and create my account, do I have to sign an annual commitment?

   Creating your QuoteFlare account doesn't require any annual
   commitments. There are no contracts and you can cancel at any time. We
   feel that once you have setup your Quote Center, and taken it out for a
   spin, you won't need a contract to keep using QuoteFlare.

Is QuoteFlare mobile friendly?

   When you open your Quotes Tab in QuoteFlare while out in the field to
   provide a quote, you can easily provide it from a beautifully mobile
   friendly interface.

Pricing

   Our pricing is simple and straightforward with no contracts. Cancel at
   any time.

1st Quote Center

$49^.00 / month

     * Unlimited Quoting and Booking
     * Unlimited Quote History
     * Web, Phone, and Field Quoting
     * Ultra High Customizablity
     * Reporting

   Get Started

Additional Options

$5^.00 / each

   Each option is available to add at any time after account creation.
     * Additional Quote Centers - $5.00 each
     * Additional Users $5.00 each

   Get Started

   Have a question? Get in Touch, we will love to hear from you.

Get Started

   Dive right in and get your QuoteFlare account. No contracts!
   Get started
     __________________________________________________________________

Quick Links

     * Contact
     * Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy Policy
     * Support
     __________________________________________________________________

How can I reach you?

   Feel free to contact us:
     * PO Box 31641, Mesa AZ 85275
     * 855-QUOTEFLARE (855.786.8335)
     * info@quoteflare.com
     __________________________________________________________________

Follow us

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   © QuoteFlare LLC 2011 - 2019 All Rights Reserved

   Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
